


















          Home
          Bitcoin wallets
          My story
          IMPORTANT!
          Contact Me






        3 STEPS TO DO:
        1. Choose a wallet from "Bitcoin wallets" section.

        2. Send to me a BTC address what you want to buy an you will receive a BTC address to make a payment.

        3. After that you can download your wallet with password and private keys!





        This website has been created as simple as it possible to avoid javascripts. For your safe!

        What can I offer?In here you can buy a Bitcoin wallets with huge amount of BTC inside of them! You pay only a 10% amount of a wallet, so you earn a 10 times more than you pay!

        How it's possible?  (Firstly, sorry for my English, it's not my first language, I'am from China)
        Those wallets was created by me a long time ago (from 2010 to 2015) and Bitcoins inside of them, comes from hacked cryptocurrency markets, and mostly from cryptocurrency casinos. I have created a huge amount of wallets, where I splited between them a "taken" cryptocurriencies. It's not was only a Bitcoin, if there was a chance, I tooked other crypto too, but I always exchange them to BTC. ALL THOSE WALLET ADRESSES CAN BE CHECKED BY YOU ON BLOCKCHAIN. On Blockchain website, you can paste wallet adress and check amount of wallet, transaction list for this wallet, and date of receiving a coins!
         For more proofs like a video with wallets, just mail me: bitcoinking@tuta.io
         I used my smartphone to do the photos. They're more legit than making a screenshots.
         Photos was created by me with this site as a background, and other with subtittle what I'm holding. This wallet is still in my reserve, so it's not used yet. Read "My Story" section to know more.




        <
        Why don't you leave all those wallets for yourself?
        Because I can't spend that huge amounts without beeing suspicious
        That was the biggest pain, because I become a very rich man, but I can't do with that money whatever I want. Imagine that a simple guy, what have a simple work, buy an expensive cars or house. All those jealous people will do everything to expose you to Tax Offices... I live on a very good level, but I can't do whatever I want with that money. Later I even created my own company and I still trying to "make this money clean" but then I was realized, that I can't wash it all. So I decided to sell some of those wallets here for only a 10% of wallet amount or for 50% if you want me to help you with money laundering.
        If you want to know more, read a "My story" section. For available wallets for sell, check a "Bitcoin Wallets" section.
         Remember those 4 things:

          I'm selling Bitcoin wallets from 8.5 BTC to max 100 BTC inside only!
          No price negotiations!
          You can pay only with Bitcoin!
          This is a site for a real players! No low amounts!




       Bitcoin is King | Opportunity of your life.
