





          CoinPump
            Don't guess the trends. Be part of our pump and dump campaign.




          What we do
          How to make money with us
          Why choose us
          Become an insider







            17.21







          of 40 BTC funded  Est. campaign profit: 15x to 20x




        Welcome to CoinPump!

WARNING: SCAMMERS HAVE COPIED OUR SITE.
Please check the URL and make sure you are on the real site: coinpumpejz34how.onion
All other CoinPump sites are scams.

 What do we do here? Well, to put it simply, pump and dump. That means we manipulate the price of an
 altcoin to make profit. That profit could be up to 2500%, depending
 on market circumstances. In the stock and fiat markets this sort of action is
considered as fraud. However, in the cryptocurrency world – it’s a usual thing, which
happens from week to week.


            How it works? We slowly buy major shares of some cheap
altcoin on the exchage. We do some social media work to hype up interest
 in particular coins. Then we trade this altcoin between our multiple
accounts, driving price and volume up (pump). At some point, price
rise will feed itself with other traders on the exchange, who want to
catch the wave. They will buy in our sell wall with the prices we set.
Then we dump remaining coins, filling buy orders of the traders,
getting all coins sold and have significant profit.
        Is it unethical? Maybe. Is it fraud? No,  it’s just market manipulation.
        There are two kinds of market participants. Those who trade,
using technical or fundamental analysis, or even simple gambling with
coins, like in a casino, hoping to hit the jackpot, and those who make
markets, The insiders. Only insiders exactly know, when and how high
price will go up. Because they do those manipulations.

        So we offer you to take part in our pump and dump campaign.
We invite you to become an insider. You can invest any amount of bitcoin
 you want. Your coins will be part of the the campaign fund, which we
use to buy a few different altcoins on different major exchanges
(Bittrex, Binance, Poloniex, Kraken etc.). As the campaign nears completion you will recieve
your profits back to the address you sent coins from.
        So don’t be a careless trader, be an insider! Invest now, and join a community of market manipulators!




      mail: dwverified@pm.me

Last updated: 4/5/19
