












FAQ
Blog
Contact us
Buy in bulk
Images
Place banner
Client cart

Sony Vaio
Refurbished
Alienware Aurora
Alienware x17
Alienware Ryzen
Strix Mid Tower
ROG Zephyrus
ROG Flow
ROG Monitors
ROG phones
ROG Strix
Strix Full Tower
Summer Sales lasting a few months! 20-45% off!Full escrow! ~60 cryptocurrencies accepted!























ROG Strix GL12
ASUS`s their own description of their models.

Rebirth of a Gaming Beast

The newly re-engineered ROG Strix GL12CX further pushes the limits of extreme gaming performance and features a striking, unconventional design. This Windows 10 gaming desktop now boasts the latest 9th Generation Intel® Core™ i9-9900K processor (factory overclocked up to a top speed of 5.1GHz) and NVIDIA® GeForce® RTX 2080 Ti graphics for unrivaled gaming experiences. It features the ROG-exclusive DIMM.2 module with support for dual SSDs that can be configured in RAID, along with tool-free expansion bays and an esports-ready hot-swap SSD tray for easy upgrades. A transparent side panel and Aura Sync lighting effects let you customize the colors of Strix GL12CX, inside and out.

DESIGN

Defying convention

ROG Strix GL12CX draws inspiration from stealthy ninjas, with an all-black chassis featuring sharp angles and slashes evoking strikes of a katana on armor. Some of those slashes serve as intake or exhaust vents, while others incorporate Aura Sync LEDs for limitless customization and matching with compatible peripherals.

CPU

Overclocked for formidable firepower

Only the very best processors are chosen to power ROG Strix GL12CX. It features a new 9th Generation Intel Core i9-9900K CPU that's factory overclocked up to a top speed of 5.1GHz for a serious performance boost. Strix GL12CX is great for gaming, but it's capable of so much more: multitask, play, stream, and record your gaming sessions, with plenty more performance to spare!


Overclocked to
5.1GHz
Top Speed

Up to
9th Gen
Intel® Core™ i9 processor


  29%FASTER
  Intel Base Frequency at 3.6GHZ

CPU-Overclocking Cinebench Test*
i9-9900K 1.47X faster than i7-8700K

* ROG Strix GL12CX with NVIDIA® GeForce® RTX 2080 graphics card, 9th Gen Intel® Core™ i9-9900K processor, and 32GB DDR4 RAM.

GRAPHICS

Unrivaled graphics performance

ROG Strix GL12CX is packed with the most advanced gaming GPU to date, with up to NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2080 Ti graphics to ensure supersmooth 4K UHD gaming visuals and VR experiences.* The new GeForce RTX 20-series graphics cards also support real-time ray tracing effects and DLSS for improved realism. In addition, NVIDIA® G-SYNC™ reduces input lag, minimizes perceived stuttering, and eliminates visual tearing.

* VR Ready capability may vary by product specification. Please check with your ASUS supplier for more information.


Up to GeForce®
RTX2080Ti
Graphics


GAME TEST

Geared for the latest games

Hours of playtesting ensure that ROG Strix GL12CX* runs the latest and most popular game titles smoothly. This gaming desktop pushes the envelope, running Call of Duty®: Black Ops 4 and Rise of the Tomb Raider™ at extremely smooth framerates, even at the highest visual settings.
* ROG Strix GL12CX with NVIDIA® GeForce® RTX 2080 graphics card, 9th Gen Intel® Core™ i9-9900K processor, and 32GB DDR4 RAM.


GEFORCE RTX 2080 GRAPHICS REINVENTED NVIDIA's newest flagship graphics card is a revolution in gaming realism and performance. Its powerful NVIDIA Turing™ GPU architecture, breakthrough technologies, and 11 GB of next-gen, ultra-fast GDDR6 memory make it the world's ultimate gaming GPU.

NVIDIA Turing™ Architecture This revolutionary architecture, combined with our all-new GeForce® RTX platform, fuses together real-time ray tracing, artificial intelligence, and programmable shading. You've never created and enjoyed games like this before.

Real-Time Ray Tracing In Games Ray tracing is the definitive solution for lifelike lighting, reflections, and shadows, offering a level of realism far beyond what's possible using traditional rendering techniques. NVIDIA Turing™ is the first GPU capable of real-time ray tracing.

Performance GeForce® RTX gaming GPUs come loaded with next-generation GDDR6 memory, support for DirectX 12 features, and more. This is graphics reinvented.
Game Ready Drivers Get the highest levels of performance, and the smoothest experience possible, from the moment you start playing.

Breakthrough Gaming Technologies Get the latest NVIDIA GameWorks™ technologies for smooth gameplay, cinematic experiences, and revolutionary 360-degree image capture-even in VR. Plus, get the performance to drive the latest displays, including VR, ultra-high-resolution, and multiple monitors.

VR Ready Experience next-generation VR performance, the lowest latency, and plug-and-play compatibility with leading headsets-driven by NVIDIA VRWorks™ technologies. VR audio, physics, and haptics let you hear and feel every moment.

STORAGE

Innovative DIMM.2 module for SSDs

At the heart of ROG Strix GL12CX is a motherboard with the latest Intel Z390 chipset, and an ROG-exclusive DIMM.2 module for two M.2 SSDs that are cooled by a dedicated heatsink. Strix GL12CX gives you even greater storage flexibility — pair the dual NVMe drives in a speedy RAID configuration, or use one SSD as a system drive and one stick of Intel® Optane™ memory to accelerate your HDD. NVMe® PCI Express® (PCIe®) technology provides ROG Strix GL12CX with superfast transfer speeds to reduce loading times for apps and games. The M.2 PCIe 3.0 x4 SSD in Strix GL12CX is significantly faster than standard SATA 3 SSDs and HDDs.

Read Speed
6X
Faster Than a SATA 3 SSD
Read Speed
24X
Faster Than a SATA 3 HDD

Optane memory
Support

LIGHTING

Your machine, your style

Customizable Aura Sync lighting has over 16 million colors and several preset effects so you can customize your own RGB configurations, or use them to react to in-game events and environments in compatible games. There's even internal illumination on several components, all of which can be seen through the optional transparent side panel. You can even synchronize effects and colors with Aura Sync-compatible keyboards, mice, headsets, and other peripherals* to give your gaming setup a consistent look.

* All bundled peripherals are subject to change without notice. Please check with your local vendors for exact offers.


16million
colors
Static
Breathing
Strobing
Color cycle
Rainbow
Comet / Flash & dash
Music
Smart


HOT-SWAP SSD TRAY

Engineered for esports

The speed and intensity at the highest levels of esports tournaments keep competitors and fans at the edge of their seats. Esports tournaments such as Rift Rivals, IEM Australia, and ROG Masters require gamers to save their customized settings in a hot-swap SSD prior to going up on stage. ROG Strix GL12CX features a hot-swap 2.5-inch SSD tray — esports is definitely in its DNA!

UPGRADABILITY

Armed and Ready

Keep up with the arms race and make sure your arsenal's up to date with an upgrade-friendly design. ROG Strix GL12CX has plenty of room for expansion: a clever internal layout gives you space for additional fans and storage drives, with proper cable management to keep things neat and organized. You don't even have to open up the case when you want more storage space, simply pop a drive into the hot-swap 2.5-inch SSD tray.



Up to
2
HDD trays
Up to
2
M.2 slots
Up to
2
2.5” SSD trays
Up to
1
9cm exhaust fan
Up to
2
12cm exhaust fans


THERMAL DESIGN

Keep it cool under pressure

ROG Strix GL12CX provides robust cooling for epic gaming marathons. Its intelligent cooling system features two dedicated isolated air chambers to improve heat dissipation. Strix GL12CX includes the innovative interwoven HyperStream design that allows for maximum heat removal and airflow into the chassis. In addition, the three fans on the top and bottom of the chassis ensure constant airflow through the system to keep the power supply and storage drives cool in the heat of battle.

EXCLUSIVE SOFTWARE

Unified System Tuning and Personalization

ROG Armoury Crate puts all essential system and lighting control at your fingertips in a single utility. You can easily change settings for both and define up to four game profiles that automatically make adjustments when you launch your favorite titles. Armoury Crate even lets you manually overclock ROG Strix GL12CX beyond the processor's factory-overclocked speeds. These options are just the beginning for what will become an even more versatile tool.

AUDIO

Premium audio experience

ROG Strix GL12CX uses top-quality components to deliver especially warm and natural audio. Proprietary ROG Sonic Studio software provides clear and immersive sound, with a host of improved functions including virtual surround sound for stereo headphones, and enhancements to internet calls, audio streaming, and recording quality.

EXTENSIVE CONNECTIVITY

Hassle-free compatibility and faster data transfers

To ensure that you're always game-ready, ROG Strix GL12CX offers extensive connectivity options so there's more than enough ports for your gamepad, headphones, microphone, and webcam. It even includes a USB 3.1 Gen 2 port for blazingly-fast data transfer rates of up to 10Gbps*.

* Unless otherwise stated, performance figures are based on theoretical performance. Actual performance figures may vary in real-world situations.


USB 2.0
USB 3.1 Gen 2
USB 3.1 Gen 1
RJ45
SPDIF
Rear speaker out
Center / subwoofer
Microphone
Line out
Line in
Mic in / headphone out
Card reader
USB 2.0
USB 3.1 Gen 1



















FAQ
Blog
Contact us
Buy in bulk
Images
Place banner
Client cartPrivacy Policy
TOS

Sony Vaio
Refurbished
Alienware Aurora
Alienware x17
Alienware Ryzen
Strix Mid Tower
ROG Zephyrus
ROG Flow
ROG Monitors
ROG phones
ROG Strix
Strix Full Tower



© Computer & Mobile Trading 2018-2022. All rights reserved.
sonyvaiotrading@dnmx.org
Address: PO Box 1935, Salamat House, La Poudriere Lane, Victoria, Mahe island, Seychelles.










Place your such a big or small banner for free here:
