












FAQ
Blog
Contact us
Buy in bulk
Images
Place banner
Client cart

Sony Vaio
Refurbished
Alienware Aurora
Alienware x17
Alienware Ryzen
Strix Mid Tower
ROG Zephyrus
ROG Flow
ROG Monitors
ROG phones
ROG Strix
Strix Full Tower
Summer Sales lasting a few months! 20-45% off!Full escrow! ~60 cryptocurrencies accepted!



















ROG Swift PG32UQX GAMING MONITOR
ASUS`s their own description of their model.

Innovative Technology

The Asus ROG Swift PG32UQX offers a whole range of superlatives in the technical field. It is the first gaming monitor with mini-LED lighting that is divided into 1152 independently controllable zones. This allows the gaming screen to achieve the very demanding DisplayHDR 1400 certification, which requires an extremely high luminance of 1400 cd/m2, for example.

WORLD’S FIRST MINI LED GAMING MONITOR
THE 4K ENDGAME

ROG Swift PG32UQX

ROG Swift PG32UQX is the premier 4K 144 Hz NVIDIA® G-SYNC® Ultimate gaming monitor. Designed to deliver incredibly lifelike gaming visuals, Swift PG32UQX has 1152 independent mini LED zones that deliver a peak brightness of 1400 nits, while quantum-dot technology and true 10-bit color depth enable over one billion colors for accuracy and smoother gradations.

HDR - The Power to Wow

Treat your eyes to the most astounding HDR visuals currently possible on any display with a 16:9 aspect ratio. Swift PG32UQX utilizes 1152-zone mini LED backlighting with full-array local dimming (FALD) technology to showcase the brightest whites and darkest black hues for lifelike HDR imagery with incredible contrast and minimal halo effects. With a peak brightness of 1400 nits, small in-game details like street lights and muzzle flashes appear brighter and more realistic than ever before.

Mini LED
1152 zones
    1400 nits peak brightness


The Best Colors In Its Class

Swift PG32UQX features quantum-dot technology and true 10bit color depth to offer a cinema-standard 98% DCI-P3 color gamut. And to ensure the very best color reproduction, each monitor is factory pre-calibrated to Delta E < 2.


    True
    10-bit color in 4K@120Hz
    98% DCI-P3 cinema-standard color gamut
    Delta E < 2 factory pre-calibrated


The Best 4K HDR Gaming Experience

As one of the first 32-inch monitors to run 4K UHD (3840 x 2160) content at up to 144 Hz, Swift PG32UQX offers gamers ultra-high-definition visuals at extremely smooth frame rates.

Swift PG32UQX takes advantage of Display Streaming Compression technology to run native 4K resolution content at up to 144 frames per second via a single DisplayPort™ 1.4 connection, without compromising visual fidelity.

    144 Hz refresh rate
    DSC technology


Ultra-Responsive Performance

As a G-SYNC Ultimate display, Swift PG32UQX features the latest NVIDIA® G-SYNC® processors to deliver the very best gaming experience, including lifelike HDR, stunning contrast, cinematic color, and ultra-low latency.

Next-Gen Gaming On XBOX Series X

Variable-refresh-rate technology enables support for 4K visuals at refresh rates of up to 120 Hz, making PG32UQX perfect for gaming on the Xbox Series X. Experience next-gen gaming with no visual tearing and minimal stuttering when the action drops below the maximum frame rate.

Live Dash OLED

The built-in LiveDash OLED on the lower bezel shows useful system information such as temperatures, voltages, fan speeds, or system frequency. LiveDash can also be used to display customized images or animations* to reflect your clan insignia or gamer tag.
* Supports JPEG and GIF images sized 256 x 64 pixels. Shows real-time hardware stats and custom logos and animations.

Aura Sync

ASUS Aura Sync lighting technology provides ambient lighting that can be synchronized with other Aura-enabled components and peripherals.

Adjust settings with a simple spin

The OSD Dial at the bottom of the monitor allows you to control the on-screen display menu and adjust brightness and other color parameters quickly and easily.

EASY STREAMING SETUP

A USB port and a tripod socket on top of Swift PG32UQX easily accommodate a lighting kit or webcam for streaming.

Tripod Socket and USB Port on ROG Swift PG32UQX

    GAMEPLUS
    GAMEVISUAL
    FLICKER-FREE
    TECHNOLOGY
    ULTRA-LOW BLUE
    LIGHT TECHNOLOGY


The ASUS-exclusive, integrated GamePlus hotkey offers in-game enhancements that help you get more out of the game. Co-developed with input from pro gamers, GamePlus functionality allows you to practice and improve gaming skills.

    Stopwatch
    Crosshair
    Timer
    FPS Counter
    Display Alignment

    Racing
    Cinema
    RTS/RPG
    FPS mode
    sRGB
    Scenery

ASUS GameVisual technology has seven pre-set display modes to optimize visuals for different types of content. This unique feature can be easily accessed through a hotkey or the on-screen display settings menu.

    Reduces input lag, making it ideal for racing games when G-SYNC technology is on.

    Cools and saturates colors for more immersive movies.

    Enhances color saturation and contrast sharpness to give you better, brighter colors and detailed visuals for real-time strategy (RTS) or RPG games.

    High contrast brightens up darker areas and shadows onscreen to help gamers spot hidden enemies.

    Perfect for surfing the web or editing photos.

    Provide more contrast gradations makes grass greener and skies bluer so it's ideal for slide shows.

With Flicker-free Technology v.s. Without Flicker-free Technology

Flicker-Free technology reduces flicker to minimize eyestrain for improved comfort when you're embroiled in long gaming sessions.

TÜV Rheinland CERTIFIED Flicker Free Low Blue Light Content

    Standard
    Web Browsing
    Viewing Photos and Videos
    Reading or Word Processing
    With Dim Ambient Light

ASUS Ultra-Low Blue Light technology reduces the amount of potentially harmful blue light emitted by the display. Four different filter settings are available to control the amount of blue light reduction.


Rich connectivity

Extensive connectivity options including DisplayPort™ 1.4 and HDMI 2.0 enable support for a wide array of multimedia devices.

Ergonomic design

The stand of Swift PG32UQX offers tilt, swivel, and height adjustments so you can easily find your ideal viewing position. The display is also VESA-compatible for wall mounting.

    HEIGHT ADJUSTMENT 0~70MM
    TILT +20° ~ -5°
    SWIVEL +20°~-20°


MEDIA REVIEWS

The Asus ROG Swift PG32UQX offers a whole range of superlatives in the technical field.

HDR in perfection thanks to DisplayHDR 1400

All in all, the ASUS ROG PG32UQX earns a tech award for its outstanding HDR display.

It is the first PC monitor equiped with mini LED ! It supports local dimming, it is DisplayHDR 1400 certified, includes a G-Sync Ultimate chip and is capable of reaching up to 144Hz which makes it very convincing.

... objectively it offers a truly fantastic experience and one that far exceeds what the rest of the market currently has to offer...

PCM Best Performance 2021

It is definitely ranked the top among gaming monitors

HKEPC Editor's Choice 2021

Full Array Local Dimming (FALD) backlight delivers 1152 independent LED zones and peak brightness 1400 nits with DisplayHDR 1400 certification

The HDR experience it offers while watching and playing content shows very well what HDR is really all about. You experience this really well on DisplayHDR 1000 and above screens.

ROG Swift PG32UQX takes over from the previous generation of G-Sync Ultimate displays, as a gaming monitor with the best HDR image quality available today.

ASUS’ ROG Swift PG32UQX is the follow-up to last year’s PG27UQ monitor and as you can guess, this new gaming monitor features a few updates and changes, the obvious increase in size notwithstanding. That said, there are several aspects that ASUS have maintained, chief among which being the 4K resolution and higher-than-average refresh rate.

It is definitely ranked the top among gaming monitors.

Full Array Local Dimming (FALD) backlight delivers 1152 independent LED zones and peak brightness 1400 nits with DisplayHDR 1400 certification.

The ASUS ROG Swift PG32UQX is yet another example of how ASUS implements the latest technologies in its products.

The ASUS ROG PG32UQX is an excellent HDR monitor, offering highly immersive experience for gamers.

The ROG Swift PG32UQX is undoubtedly the best proposal currently available for fans of Triple A single player titles and HDR content viewing, who want to exploit the full hardware potential of the latest enthusiast-level components in 4K.

The HDR experience it offers while watching and playing content shows very well what HDR is really all about. You experience this really well on DisplayHDR 1000 and above screens.


















FAQ
Blog
Contact us
Buy in bulk
Images
Place banner
Client cartPrivacy Policy
TOS

Sony Vaio
Refurbished
Alienware Aurora
Alienware x17
Alienware Ryzen
Strix Mid Tower
ROG Zephyrus
ROG Flow
ROG Monitors
ROG phones
ROG Strix
Strix Full Tower



© Computer & Mobile Trading 2018-2022. All rights reserved.
sonyvaiotrading@dnmx.org
Address: PO Box 1935, Salamat House, La Poudriere Lane, Victoria, Mahe island, Seychelles.










Place your such a big or small banner for free here:
