












Skip to content
















														SilkRoad 4.0
															Largest DarkNet Trading Marketplace Since 2013










                All Products
                Buds & Flowers (3)Cannabis & Hash (3)Cashapp (2)Cocaine (9)Counterfeit (7)CVV & Credit Cards (16)Dissociatives (5)DMT (3)Drugs and Chemicals (28)Fraud (58)Ketamine (5)LSD (1)PayPal (15)Prepaids & Clones (6)Prescriptions Drugs (4)Psychedelics (4)Services (10)Skrill (4)Software & Malware (16)Speed (2)Stimulants (11)Tutorials and e-books (27)Watches (6)




























            0
            $ 0


























				Menu






					Drugs and Chemicals

	Cannabis & Hash

		Buds & Flowers


	Dissociatives

		Ketamine


	Prescriptions Drugs
	Psychedelics

		DMT
		LSD


	Stimulants

		Cocaine
		Speed




Counterfeit

	Watches


Tutorials and e-books
Fraud

	CVV & Credit Cards
	Prepaids & Clones
	PayPal
	Skrill
	Cashapp


Services
Software & Malware
Support
My Account

















How To Buy On SilkRoad 4.0 Market



Start shopping with ease



Buying on ToRReZ Market is very simple. You can use direct payment system, which is nothing more than paying for the order on checkout, instead of sending money on market’s wallet in advance.



Find your item



Your purchased items will be immediately appear on the order section under your account



Making your first purchase



If you have found the item you want to purchase, just click on the item’s picture (if you use grid view mode) or item’s title (if you use list view mode). Both actions will take you to the item details. If you use list view mode, you can click Buy Now button to skip watching item details and go straight to the purchase. If you are on the item details list, just click add to cart button.



After initiating your purchase, you will be redirected to your order summary. This is the part when you have to choose which way you want to pay for your purchase. Depending on vendor’s preferences you will be able to choose between Bitcoin(recommended), Here you can also decide if you want to pay using Simple Escrow Mode or Multisignature Escrow (recommended when using Bitcoin). For physical items you have to choose quantity and shipping method.



Set refund address



If you use Simple Escrow payment, you do not have to provide us refund address unless there will be an actual refund. If your order will be canceled or refunded, we will ask you to provide refund address at that time.



Delivery details



When you purchase physical item or digital item with manual delivery, you have to provide shipping details to the vendor. This is the place to enter those details and any other information you find useful to fulfill your order. Below the text field you can see vendor’s PGP key. If you forget to encrypt your initial message, we will do that for you. But it is for your own safety to not to trust any party and encrypt the correspondence yourself. Please keep in mind that we auto encrypt only initial message, any other correspondence between buyer and vendor is not auto encrypted.



When you purchase a digital item with auto delivery, please leave this message empty. And add fake details to the delivery form including address. But remember to add the correct email. If you put any message in here it will stop the auto delivery and you will have to wait until vendor manually process your order.



Now just click PLACE ORDER. Remember that this is not the final stage yet. Now you are redirected to the order review where you can check if all the details are fine, edit them if needed or cancel your order.





















				USEFUL LINKS
About SilkRoad 4.0
Funds & Security
FAQ




				TUTORIALS
How to buy
How to sell




				FIND US HERE
Darknetlive
Dark.fail
tor.taxi
DarkEye




				OUR PARTNERS
Recon
Bobby Search
Torch Search
Tordex Search


















        	© Copyrights 2021 for SilkRoad 4.0 Market BTC Multisignature


















            0
            $ 0
