


    Skip to main content






























































































































































                    ProPublica
                    Local Initiatives
                    Data Store







                        Donate






                            Follow us on Twitter







                            Like us on Facebook







                            Search







                            Newsletters
















                        Graphics & Data
                        Newsletters
                        About







                        	Email Address





























                                                        Racial Justice





                                                                        Sex and Gender





                                                                        Health Care





                                                                        Military













                                                        More…




                    Series
                    Video
                    Impact





                            Search




                            More






















			Melissa Sanchez
			Reporter










					Melissa Sanchez is a reporter at ProPublica. She joined ProPublica in 2017 and is focused on immigrants and low-wage workers. Her work here examining Chicago’s punitive ticketing and debt collection system helped prompt major reforms, including changes to state law and an end to driver’s license suspensions over ticket debt. She previously worked for The Chicago Reporter, Catalyst Chicago, el Nuevo Herald in Miami and the Yakima (Wash.) Herald-Republic, and has received numerous local and national awards for her reporting. She lives in Chicago with her husband, their two young children and two cats. She is the daughter of immigrants from Mexico and El Salvador, and she speaks Spanish.
Melissa Sanchez es una reportera de ProPublica. Se unió al equipo en 2017 y se enfoca en historias sobre inmigrantes y trabajadores de bajos ingresos. Sus reportajes examinando el sistema de multas de tránsito en Chicago impulsó grandes reformas, incluyendo nuevas leyes estatales que eliminaron la norma que suspendía las licencias de conducir por deudas de tráfico. Previamente Melissa trabajó para The Chicago Reporter, Catalyst Chicago, el Nuevo Herald en Miami y el Yakima Herald-Republic en el estado de Washington. Ha recibido varios premios locales y nacionales por sus reportajes. Vive en Chicago con su esposo, dos hijos pequeños y dos gatas malcriadas. Es hija de inmigrantes de México y de El Salvador y habla español.








					[email protected]







					@msanchezmia






					872-444-0011








					Signal: 872-444-0011






























				            In Debate Over Chicago’s Speed Cameras, Concerns Over Safety, Racial Disparities Collide
				        				            Cities nationwide look to Chicago as officials wrestle with whether speed cameras have improved traffic safety enough to justify their financial burden on Black and Latino motorists.

									July 8, 5 a.m. EDT





















				            These Children Fled Afghanistan Without Their Families. They’re Stuck in U.S. Custody.
				        				            Nearly 200 Afghan children brought here without family by the U.S. government during the haphazard military pullout are languishing in federal custody.

									March 25, 5 a.m. EDT





















				            What ProPublica Is Doing About Diversity in 2022
				        				            Here is our annual report on the breakdown of our staff and how we’re working to create a more diverse news organization and inclusive journalism community.

									Feb. 9, 5 a.m. EST





















				            Chicago’s “Race-Neutral” Traffic Cameras Ticket Black and Latino Drivers the Most
				        				            A ProPublica analysis found that traffic cameras in Chicago disproportionately ticket Black and Latino motorists. But city officials plan to stick with them — and other cities may adopt them too.

									Jan. 11, 5 a.m. EST





















				            Lawmakers Call for Immediate Action at Chicago Shelter Housing Afghan Children
				        				            After ProPublica’s report that Afghan children at a Chicago shelter were hurting themselves, Sen. Dick Durbin asked federal officials to investigate. In the meantime, Heartland Alliance, the facility’s operator, now has interpreters in its shelters.

									Nov. 3, 2021, 5 a.m. EDT





















				            Dozens of Traumatized Afghan Kids Struggle Inside a Shelter That’s Ill-Equipped to Care for Them
				        				            Some Afghan children at a Chicago shelter have hurt themselves or others, leaving workers overwhelmed. Employees say the shelter has never experienced this level of chaos and isn’t equipped to provide kids with services they need.

									Oct. 28, 2021, 6 a.m. EDT





















				            Chicago Mayor Lori Lightfoot Proposes Further Traffic Ticket Reforms to Help Low-Income Motorists
				        				            In 2018, ProPublica reported on how vehicle tickets in Chicago disproportionately harm low-income, Black residents. This latest set of reforms proposes lowering ticket costs and providing debt relief for low-income residents.

									Sept. 22, 2021, 5:10 p.m. EDT





















				            La agencia de bienestar infantil de Illinois les sigue fallando a las familias hispanohablantes
				        				            Dos años después de una investigación de ProPublica, el Departamento de Servicios para Niños y Familias de Illinois todavía no está cumpliendo con una orden de una corte federal para mejorar el servicio a las familias hispanohablantes.

									Aug. 31, 2021, 12:25 p.m. EDT





















				            Illinois’ Child Welfare Agency Continues to Fail Spanish-Speaking Families
				        				            Two years after a ProPublica investigation, the Illinois Department of Children and Family Services still is not complying with a federal court order to better serve Spanish-speaking families.

									Aug. 31, 2021, 5 a.m. EDT

















				            Thousands of Illinois Drivers Would Get Their Licenses Back Under a Criminal Justice Reform Bill
				        				            If Gov. J.B. Pritzker signs the measure that lawmakers passed this week, motorists will no longer lose their licenses for unpaid red-light and speed camera tickets.

									Jan. 15, 2021, 4:36 p.m. EST

















				            The Stolen Childhood of Teenage Factory Workers
				        				            Immigrant teenagers who work overnight shifts in suburban factories dream of a better life for children they don’t yet have. So did the author’s father.

									Nov. 20, 2020, 5 a.m. EST

















				            La niñez robada de obreros adolescentes
				        				            Inmigrantes menores de edad que hacen turnos nocturnos en fábricas suburbanas sueñan con una vida mejor para hijos que todavía no tienen. El padre de la autora hizo lo mismo.

									Nov. 20, 2020, 5 a.m. EST

















				            El mundo secreto de los adolescentes inmigrantes que trabajan en peligrosos turnos nocturnos en fábricas suburbanas
				        				            Durante el día, inmigrantes menores de edad van a la secundaria. Por la noche, trabajan en fábricas para pagar deudas del viaje y mandar dinero a sus familias. El trabajo infantil no sorprende a las autoridades. Tampoco están haciendo mucho sobre el tema.

									Nov. 19, 2020, 5 a.m. EST

















				            Inside the Lives of Immigrant Teens Working Dangerous Night Shifts in Suburban Factories
				        				            During the day, immigrant teenagers attend high school. At night, they work in factories to pay debts to smugglers and send money to family. The authorities aren’t surprised by child labor. They’re also not doing much about it.

									Nov. 19, 2020, 5 a.m. EST

















				            Trabajadoras temporales luchan contra supuesto acoso sexual y dicen que sufren represalias por hacerlo
				        				            El fiscal general de Illinois anunció que había alcanzado un acuerdo con la empresa que establece una supervisión independiente para proteger a las trabajadoras.

									Aug. 28, 2020, 5:15 p.m. EDT

















				            Temp Workers Fight Back Against Alleged Sexual Harassment and Say They Face Retaliation for Doing So
				        				            The Illinois attorney general announced that he reached a settlement with the company that calls for an independent monitor to protect the workers.

									Aug. 28, 2020, 5 a.m. EDT

















				            Opioid Overdoses Keep Surging in Chicago, Killing Black People on the West Side
				        				            Half of Cook County’s confirmed opioid-related deaths have been among Black residents, even though they make up less than a quarter of the county’s population. Officials warn that the COVID-19 pandemic has overshadowed the crisis.

									July 14, 2020, 6:11 p.m. EDT

















				            I’ve Reported on How Chicago’s Ticketing System Has Hurt Black Residents. Now, the Conversation About Reform Is Changing.
				        				            The killing of George Floyd by police has sparked a reexamination of other systems in this country that are also weighted against Black people. Ticketing is one of them.

									June 26, 2020, 5 a.m. EDT

















				            Police Brutality, COVID-19 and Overdoses in Chicago Follow the Same Deadly Pattern
				        				            Our country’s long history of structural racism stands at the center of why police brutality, COVID-19 and the opioid crisis are disproportionately killing black Americans, including in Chicago.

									June 5, 2020, 5 a.m. EDT

















				            Overdose Deaths Have Skyrocketed in Chicago, and the Coronavirus Pandemic May Be Making It Worse
				        				            Opioid-related deaths in Cook County have doubled since this time last year, and similar increases are happening across the country. “If you’re alone, there’s nobody to give you the Narcan,” said one coroner.

									May 30, 2020, 5 a.m. EDT









			    1
		    2
		    3
			    →
	    Last →















	Follow ProPublica




				Twitter





				Facebook





				YouTube





				RSS





        Stay Informed
        Get our investigations delivered to your inbox with the Big Story newsletter.



                Email address








        This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.






	Most Popular Stories




				Most Read

														Her Ex-Husband Is Suing a Clinic Over the Abortion She Had Four Years Ago
																		The Judge Who Illegally Jailed Children Is Retiring. The Candidates to Replace Her Have Different Approaches.
																		Child Porn Possession Investigation Into South Dakota Billionaire Closed With No Charges
																		How Foreign Private Equity Hooked New England’s Fishing Industry
																		White Parents Rallied to Chase a Black Educator Out of Town. Then, They Followed Her to the Next One.




				Most Emailed

														Her Ex-Husband Is Suing a Clinic Over the Abortion She Had Four Years Ago
																		Child Porn Possession Investigation Into South Dakota Billionaire Closed With No Charges
																		The Judge Who Illegally Jailed Children Is Retiring. The Candidates to Replace Her Have Different Approaches.
																		Right-Wing Think Tank Family Research Council Is Now a Church in Eyes of the IRS
																		“The Drone Problem”: How the U.S. Has Struggled to Curb Turkey, a Key Exporter of Armed Drones











  Latest Stories from ProPublica


















        The Judge Who Illegally Jailed Children Is Retiring. The Candidates to Replace Her Have Different Approaches.




















        Her Ex-Husband Is Suing a Clinic Over the Abortion She Had Four Years Ago




















        Pharma Companies Sue for the Right to Buy Blood From Mexicans Along Border











        ProPublica’s Nicole Carr Wins July Sidney Award

















        Close this screen





            Search ProPublica:
















        Close this screen







            Republish This Story for Free
            Creative Commons License (CC BY-NC-ND 3.0)






                Thank you for your interest in republishing this story. You are are free to republish it so long as you do the following:


                    You have to credit us. In the byline, we prefer “Author Name, ProPublica.” At the top of the text of your story, include a line that reads: “This story was originally published by ProPublica.” You must link the word “ProPublica” to the original URL of the story.

                    If you’re republishing online, you must link to the URL of this story on propublica.org, include all of the links from our story, including our newsletter sign up language and link, and use our PixelPing tag.

                    If you use canonical metadata, please use the ProPublica URL. For more information about canonical metadata, refer to this Google SEO link.

                    You can’t edit our material, except to reflect relative changes in time, location and editorial style. (For example, “yesterday” can be changed to “last week,” and “Portland, Ore.” to “Portland” or “here.”)

                    You cannot republish our photographs or illustrations without specific permission. Please contact [email protected].

                    It’s okay to put our stories on pages with ads, but not ads specifically sold against our stories. You can’t state or imply that donations to your organization support ProPublica’s work.

                    You can’t sell our material separately or syndicate it. This includes publishing or syndicating our work on platforms or apps such as Apple News, Google News, etc.

                    You can’t republish our material wholesale, or automatically; you need to select stories to be republished individually. (To inquire about syndication or licensing opportunities, contact [email protected].)

                    You can’t use our work to populate a website designed to improve rankings on search engines or solely to gain revenue from network-based advertisements.

                    We do not generally permit translation of our stories into another language.

                    Any website our stories appear on must include a prominent and effective way to contact you.

                    If you share republished stories on social media, we’d appreciate being tagged in your posts. We have official accounts for ProPublica on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram.






                Copy and paste the following into your page to republish:

















        Close this menu






                Graphics & Data
                Topics
                Series
                Videos
                Impact





                ProPublica
                Local Initiatives
                Data Store




            Follow Us:






                        Like us on Facebook







                        Follow us on Twitter

























                Stay informed with the Daily Digest.

                    Enter your email


















        Site Navigation


              Sections

                  ProPublica
                  Local Reporting Network
                  Texas Tribune Partnership
                  The Data Store
                  Electionland



              Browse by Type

                  Topics
                  Series
                  Videos
                  News Apps
                  Get Involved
                  The Nerd Blog
                  @ProPublica
                  Events






              Info

                  About Us
                  Board and Advisors
                  Officers and Staff
                  Diversity
                  Jobs and Fellowships
                  Local Initiatives
                  Media Center
                  Reports
                  Impact
                  Awards
                  Corrections



              Policies

                  Code of Ethics
                  Advertising Policy
                  Privacy Policy






              Follow

                  Newsletters
                  Podcast
                  iOS and Android
                  RSS Feed



              More

                  Send Us Tips
                  Steal Our Stories
                  Browse via Tor
                  Contact Us
                  Donate
                  More Ways to Give










            ProPublica


        Journalism in the Public Interest
        © Copyright 2022 Pro Publica Inc.








    Current site
    Current page
