The Diaries of Dr.Gonzo











              About


              Dark Reading


              The Gonzo Diaries


              Vendors










  The inmates run this asylum.

/* loldongz :] */
void typos_init(const char INSULTING_AMOUNTS_BY_VOLUME);


'There is an area of the mind that could be called unsane
beyond sanity, and yet not insane.
Think of a circle with a fine split in it.
At one end there's insanity.
You go around the circle to sanity, and on the other end of the circle,
close to insanity, but not insanity, is unsanity


I’m normally high as fuq when I blog, ‘nuff said? If not I’ll sum it up real short for you in this license:

This site contains:


  Writings on mentally disturbed & deranged subjects, often in a mentally deranged state.
  Reviews on my ventures into the wonderful world of psychoactive substances.
  Reviews of reliable vendors of alternative substances, Good drugs are a human right, it’s our minds, not their’s.
  The odd interesting show to consume.
  Good reads on hacking, history, chemistry, drugs, medicine, misc. madness, etc.
  General bitching. Cheaper than a shrink and safer than pod casting. (Sorry, Joe:)
  Maybe some deranged trips down the hacking rabbit hole. How deep does it go, Alice?
  Harm reduction


If you are in anyway not ok with that,GFTO ASAP.  If you are working with law enforcement in any capacity - public or private . spooks included - now notified the content herein  is covered under the GONZO license, copy available upon request, and every single bit of it is  covered under it. Licensenced under public (as in civil, not criminal law, for purposes of suing LEO & co:) and you are subject to a 1000 BTC entry fee to view said *licensed material or leave right after reading this. :)
.. for your own mental safety…and my physical safety. I  mean, mentally unstable fucks with loaded guns and a license to shoot? Fuck off!. :) Funny how simply owning an firearm increases your chances of death by like 80%. Ironic for an instrument of self protection to be the overwelming part of white, male gunshot fatalities in the US is via suicide. That said, these asylum rules apply wether or not you carry one.

I take absolutely no responsiblity for anyone’s drain bamage, err, brain damage, use or misuse of the content contained herein, or liability for breach of the GONZO license, whatsoever.. All exploration, use of any information  - ór misinformation -  contained herein in is done so at your own perill, regardless of whom you are or represent.
The GONZO license, in full glorious detail, is available upon request via GPG email, provided in the /about page.

Update
By popoular demand you can reach the site, using a TOR enabled browser @ https://tinyurl.com/drgonzodiaries . It will redirect here.
Also added a warning if you have javascript on  - it’s not needed and TOR design makes it potentially extremely dangerous.

Why so serious!? :]

-Dr.Gonzo






            MESTERKIF - THE MEDICINE MAN - KNALLTILBUDET PÅ KREMHASJ DE SOM IKKE TOK KAN ANGRE SEG IHJEL PÅ! =]

            Nabolaget Crystal Meth S-Ketamine - akar cocaine from outer space - My favorite molecule versions, too. Dextro & Sin =]

            KratomNorge, Red Bali, White Maeng Da, Green Malay, Gold Maeng Da, Red Horn

            Mesterkif's master brain busting brownies ;)

            Nabolaget's weed will fry your circutry ;)

            Nabolagets LSD-25, MDMA tabs & 2CB. The Elements of life.

            Droneswarm harasses US NAVY, inventors of TOR

            e2e encrypted databases

            SPECTRE attacks against Apple M1 and other ARM devices

            Safe cracking

            nabolaget amfetamin vs flora amfetamin

            Ready rock, crack, freebase - what is the difference? nothing.

            hertzbleed, new timing attack against TOR SSL/TLS

            Hash. mesterkief vs flora

            Mrs.Oxana OC80

            Nabolaget CRYSTALINE METHAMPHETAMINE

            The Cocaine BASE-OFF, @mrs.oxana vs @mesterkif vs @nabolaget vs MR."X"

            New TAILS release fixes Tor Browser JS 0day

            Flora,  Special-K, Hash, Cocaine & Benzofury (6-APB)

            Knowing me is banable offense @ dnmsno

            Dr.Gonzo's opium mocca coffee

            The Gonzo Diaries has reached 1 million article views!

            A note about dying & not letting loved ones die alone. JRE 1797 w/ Josh Barnett

            RSA is fragile and thus not ideal for security or GPG, etc.

            US  House Passes Bill to Decriminalize Marijuana, bill sent to the Senate

            Hacking Samsung for fun and profit 2

            Hacking Samsung for fun and profit 1

            NodeBB zeroday

            Stanislav Grof interviews Dr. Albert Hofmann (1984)

            Mercure's Sunday Driver vape carts

            Mercure's THC Wax + Shatter

            Padre's acetone cleansed amphetamine sulfate

            CBD & cannabinoids helps protect against covid19 + OTC working c19 self-defense

            Ketorax, a love letter of sorts, to my favorite opiate.

            Chaos Communication Congress 2021 hacking conf (CIA op. KUDO revealed + NSO + Onion things)

            Why shipments by mail sometimes takes long - answered

            Cellebrite update, police phone decryption capablities

            Scary intro 2 Palantir surveilence, using your facebook data+more.

            Investment tip; GERMANY IS LEGALIZING IN 2 WEEKS!@# :)

            Greengiant'S excellent medicinainal quality products, their buds, my joy. ;)

            Cops abuse civil rights, ransacks 950 ppl @subway station under false pretences.SHameful, as the results

            Hunting NSO Pegasus Commercial Spyware. Dissapointment wear many a face.

            Everyone's favorite serial killer, Dexter is back!

            Padre's MDMA given 2 a couple I know. 1 of them is dying.Wanted 2 let them really connect

            Godishuset sets gold standard 4 benzo sale, posts EC lab analysis

            GrreenGiant, let's just say they were not kidding about their oils thickness!

            007, No time to die (odd time to release;)

            PowerPuff 1mg Ksalol generic Xanax

            Mercure GHB & Lyrica

            PBS NOVA, father of all science showsm,  The Cannabis Question.

            Another, long awaited of issue of every alphabet soup's wet dream is out, Phrack '#70'

            NordiskeApoteket1 Give-away coke

            Nexpress Cupra hashish

            Nexpress al'noor hashish

            Nexpress King Hassan hashish

            Mycodad Powdered Golden Teacher Magic Mushroom

            Nexpress (expired) Subutrex 8mg Buprenorphine tablets

            Nexpress afghan style hash

            Billions is back! Arguably best show of it's kind!

            GreenGiant, definitely not canned corn. Excellent oilz for cooking & vaping!;)

            Powerpuff, N-N,DIMETHYLTRYPTAMINE. Enough said.

            MakkaRonny's Properly finished amphetamine product & hash

            FHE: Making DarkMarkets nearly impossible to bust, investigate or convict.

            New Archer season is out!

            By popular demand I have setup a TOR invite-only jabber/XMPP server

            Protonmail improved, wihtout JS, slow, clunky web. Powerful, yet so clean & easy

            A monk of Hare Krishna gives Dr.Gonzo a gift of harmony

            Skadereduksjonssentralen dry ampethamine sulfate.

            NExpress Kashmir Gold

            PowerPuff's superb vape carts. Brice & reliabe speedy delivery!

            NExpress Cocaine

            The cleaning of NorskNarkotika speed:A horror story.

            cumstain-gaga:troll som ødelegger tråder ved løgn og bitching når jeg beviser dem knuselig hardt feil

            Cocaine chemistry. How to get rid of ALL impurities  through acid-base-acid recrystalization.

            California is decriminalizing DMT, Psilocybin, etc  (fine text = legalization) JRE 1678 w/ Michael Pollan

            NorskNarkotika amphetamine sulfate + proper cleaning procedure

            PowerPuff Cocaine + 30MG IR Adderall

            Narcotraficante's excellent Lima hash

            Notes On Coca

            NorskNarkotika DRY AMPHETAMINE sulfate!

            PowerPuff Trainwreck THC vape cartridge! :)

            NGINX <1.20 off-by-one remote heap exploit

            Mercure coke dissapoints, hash was A++, DMT too, what little there was

            Dr.Gonzo's Cocaspray: Better, safer, stealthier & less wasteful way be 'Coco4cocopuffs'

            What to do  when LEO fucks up your sunday. Drugs, of course.

            El Padre dry amphetamine sulfate

            Diplomis Lyrica

            NarcoTraficante Super Skunk and hash samples

            Dr.Gonzo & The Special-K twins: The girls from Ipanema, Andromeda.

            From zero to amphetamine hero: The Gonzo treatment of brown paste into pure white sulfate powder

            In memoriam: Hacker Dan Kaminsky (42) Has died

            Mercure's N,N-Dimethyltryptamine + Dr.Gonzo's DMT vape guide:)

            Mercure HQ Coke

            Sun is shining, baked, happy times: mercure hash & O.G. Kush vape kit

            The Gonzo Diaries passes 100k unique page loads!

            Mercure vape cartridge

            Mercure: Pablo's long lost personal stash of cocaine.

            Cellebrite Hacking Tools Sold To Bangladesh Police Unit Known For Human Rights Abuses

            TestkitsNorge.no bekymringer

            Tollensoverskuddslager: Punisher xtc + 2cb = oreo punisher = magic madness :)

            Tollensoverskuddslager: tørket hvit amfetamin.

            Snuffing out smoking for good.

            Tollensoverskuddslager white amphetamine paste

            Godishuset's Columbian cocaine

            Det Norske Market: A buffet of security holes

            How LEO cracks Truecrypt & Veracrypt + how to generate secure keys

            Be good or be good at it

            Goodstoff Hash Ksalol Amf

            Diazepam e-chill juice

            Narco Wars.

            Hamilton's Pharmacopeia.

            Trafficked w/ Mariana Van Zeller.

            Dextroamphetamine Hydrochloride. :)

            TollensOverskuddsLager Amphetamine.

            LEO & Co's Cellebrite UFED: Supported Apps decoding list.

            Dear LEO.

            Godishuset's hash: Dry-vaping, juice making & vaping.

            Peppermint Diazelirium.

            Godishuset's Amfetamin.

            (Meth)Amphetamine Thoughts.

            Mercure's Mount Fiji 120ug LSD x 2... x 2.

            Mercure's Golden Teacher, Lemontek style.

            En Gonzoguide til å gjøre TOR litt sikrere mot hacking-teknikker.

            Acetaminophen / Paracetamol lulz.

            Dr.Gonzo's Dirty Dalgona.

            Hunter S. Thompson Audiobooks & miscellaneous.

            Place holder :)










            2022 © The Diaries of Dr.Gonzo
