


		Home
		Donations
		Goals
		How it works
		About






			Welcome on the Soul Cloud

		      „Upload files to the soul cloud and we will make sure they stay online“
			What are the advantages?

				Just upload once and done,
				your files are available daily 24/7 and have the fastest download rate
				Extensibility, we can additionally integrate new hosts automatically in the future.
				Reup Request can be triggered by anyone, and will get a reup within the next 5 minutes.
				Privacy File Names... We automatically change the filename of your file to a discreet random name. Of course, your original name will ALWAYS be displayed on our site.





				Donations



		      		Soul Cloud is a very expensive proposition because firstly the storage does not offer itself and secondly the traffic must have enough speed to work.
		      		Again, Soul Cloud belongs to the Empire, but you are welcome to donate too individually to this project.
		      		XMR: 86wQSAmAeA14rDRgpXsaQNRx2dUuaz4F9eAXKxsejSDpRLcHeswUA1LJrGbFUarVnDHFZHUcuR8xu9A2srESwRj5Tu4Rrhc




			Our Goals

			Soul Cloud was originally built for the sole purpose of providing a stable filehost solution for BV6 and Forbidden Love...

I'm sorry, herewith all other services are forbidden to use Soul Cloud if they use links that are posted ONLY outside BV6 / Forbiddenlove...

Furthermore, of course, it is also forbidden to use the service for files that are not accepted by the rules.

Hurtcore will now be removed from other forums.




				How it works?



				1. Some Pedo wants to share a file


				this is the example vid

				2. After the user has uploaded to Soul Cloud, the user's file will be entered into the Soul Cloud queue for further processing as follows

				The queue makes uploads to third-party servers and stores the links in a database. The original files remain available on the server at all times in case of emergency


				attack simulation
				Some illegal agency picks up these links and reports them in CSAM

				Thereupon Soul cloud makes an automatic reup

				Since Soul Cloud uses one time passwords once the files are repacked each time, it is impossible for LEA to locate the "CP files" using file hashes. It also allows long-term archiving for months, which was previously impossible





				About us



			We are a constantly growing society thanks to many people who bravely show people here on the darkweb how to get their desired children safely and anonymously

		      Our message is also to show the "normal citizens" that the average pedophile is not a "monster", but an improvement of the society!



		@Elias Harper 2022
