




















































          Skip to main content









                  Business



































          6 things you need to know to craft a compelling client Twitter strategy




















            By Erika Heald


            Follow @TwitterBusiness





  Agency



























































































































































































  You've signed on to manage your client's Twitter account. They've loved the work your agency did in other areas, and can't wait for you to knock it out of the park on Twitter too.
Avoid potential agency Twitter account management missteps with an effective onboarding plan that covers everything you need to know to get up-to-speed and design an effective Twitter strategy.
Here are some of the most important Twitter best practices:
Get access to your client's Twitter Analytics dashboard
Document their average monthly number of posts, profile visits, mentions, and new followers. Also note their average daily engagement rate, link clicks, Retweets, likes, and replies. Use this Twitter Analytics data as a benchmark for your results.
Identify content curation sources 
What are the URLs for all the properties where they post content? What trusted third-party publications and partners are OK to share? Who are the top industry analysts and journalists they are working to build relationships with? All of these sources can be tapped for content inspiration and calls-to-action.
Define the brand voice
To stand out from the competition, it’s important to have a recognizable brand voice on Twitter that comes through in all the posts and the communications from the account. Audiences should never be able to tell if it’s an internal employee or agency Tweeting. Defining the client’s brand voice for Twitter ensures you can maintain that much-needed consistency.
Obtain a budget for ongoing paid promotion
Although sharing great content can organically grow your following, Twitter Ads can expand your social content—and your brand’s reach. Determine your social media budget and start leveraging ads to reach the right customer, at the right time.
Create a shared editorial calendar
Use a spreadsheet or another simple shared document to collaborate with your client on an editorial calendar to drive your social activities. 

 Make sure your editorial calendar includes:

Relevant social media holidays
Industry conferences and trade shows (plus the event hashtags)
Ongoing Twitter chats
Major product announcements
Content publication dates. 

Understand how they measure success 
Every client has different business goals they are supporting with their social media efforts. Make sure you understand which goals your efforts will be measured against rather than automatically pursuing follower growth. 
With this information in hand, you’ll be able to craft a social media strategy that’s tailored to your client's goals and engages their audience. For more Twitter best practices for agency Twitter account management, check out Twitter's Agency Resources.
 Additional reading:

Download client friendly materials and decks
How to develop strategies with Twitter products
3 things to consider when planning your 2018 ad budget












































































































          Ready to advertise on Twitter?

















































    Let's go




























































              Twitter platform










                  twitter.com





                  Status





                  Card validator





                  Embed a Tweet





                  Privacy Center





                  Transparency Center








              Twitter, Inc.










                  About the company





                  Twitter for Good





                  Company news





                  Brand toolkit





                  Jobs and internships





                  Investors








              Help










                  Help Center





                  Using Twitter





                  Twitter for creators





                  Ads Help Center





                  Managing your account





                  Email Preference Center





                  Rules and policies





                  Contact us








              Developer resources










                  Developer home





                  Documentation





                  Forums





                  Communities





                  Developer blog





                  Engineering blog





                  Developer terms








              Business resources










                  Advertise





                  Twitter for business





                  Resources and guides





                  Twitter for marketers





                  Marketing insights





                  Brand inspiration





                  Twitter Flight School











              © 2022 Twitter, Inc.





                Cookies





                Privacy





                Terms and conditions









    English



















      Business







              Deutsch






              English






              Español






              Français






              Português






              日本語






              العربية




















              简体中文





































































            By using Twitter’s services you agree to our Cookies Use. We use cookies for purposes including analytics, personalisation, and ads.






            OK






















            This page and certain other Twitter sites place and read third party cookies on your browser that are used for non-essential purposes including targeting of ads. Through these cookies, Google, LinkedIn, NewsCred and Logicad collect personal data about you for their own purposes. Learn more.







                  Accept




                  Decline
