









            We're always online





            Our Code of Ethics





            My order

















                Hacking Services





                         Email Hacking





                         Facebook Hacking





                         Instagram Hacking





                         Academic Hacking





                         Smartphones Hacking





                         WhatsApp Hacking





                         Snapchat Hacking





                         Skype Hacking





                         Twitter Hacking





                         Credit Hacking





                         Trace an IP Address





                         Websites Hacking





                         Bitcoin Recovery





                         Tailored Service









                About Us





                Frequent Questions





                My order





                Contact Us














                     Bitcoin Guide







                         Important





                        If you intend to hire a hacker from our team to execute but you don't know or have never used bitcoin before, you must read this guide and prepare the bitcoins needed to pay for our service before requesting it, in order to avoid problems later. If you order any of our hacking services without first understanding how the payment method works, you assume the risk to be charged a fine in case of delay.

















                            Bitcoin is a virtual currency. It is money like the one you use on a daily basis, with the difference that bitcoin doesn't have printed banknotes or coins. It works fully virtual. It is characterized by being safe, anonymous and fast, as a transfer is processed almost instantly, any day, 24 hours. To use bitcoin, the first thing you must do is register a bitcoin wallet where you can store them. Once you have your bitcoin wallet, you can buy bitcoin with different payment methods, such as: Credit Card, Bank Transfer, Cash Deposits, Western Union and even local ones from your own country. Below we'll explain how to do all of this.













                    Select your country





                    As we have previously explained, there are different ways to buy bitcoin and they vary from country to country. Select your country from the list below so we can give you detailed information about the fastest and safest ways to buy bitcoins in your country.

























                        Below you can see all the different ways available in  to register your wallet and buy bitcoins.
                        Take a look at the descriptions and payment methods accepted by each, and when you find one that you like, just click on the button that says Read Guide and you'll be redirected to all the instructions step by step.

















             Policies
            Privacy & Cookies
            Proof before payment









             Payments
            Bitcoin Guide
            Deadlines & Fines








             Language

             Español Português
