


            Habibi's resource



            The epic tppp ban speed run
            So there's this chatroom on the dark web full of disturbing pedophiles known as the public pedo pub. I have trolled this place for months but one thing I realized is that there are so many words that make you instabanned. So I've decided to start a challenge, the tppp ban speed run. Make it happen bois.



            Why are you doing this challenge?
            Because why not.
            Let's bully oooops off of the internet. He has hosted the rape and molestation of hundreds if not thousands of kids on his chat sites. We need justice for these kids. The first thing we're all going to do is the tppp ban speed run. The goal here is to get banned as fast as you can.
            Isn't it illegal to go on there?
            It's not illegal to go on there, it's illegal to click on the links present on there.



            Now for the rules

                DO NOT CLICK ON ANY LINKS ON THE CHAT(if you do you'll get into serious legal trouble or see something scarring, DO NOT CLICK, this isn't a click at your own risk thing, DO NOT CLICK)
                For the official rulesets, the challenge starts as soon as you get passed the waiting room.
                Be very careful interacting with the pedos on the site, they will say the nastiest shit to you if you're not careful.
                Submissions must be made via video. Show a stop watch. Stop as soon as the kick message appears.
                Keep refreshing the site.
                Similar to number 1, if you show any cp in the submission you will get disqualified.
                For %nbw, do not do it when the mods are sleeping. It'll not work
                You have unlimited submissions
                More rules coming soon




            The %s
            %any
            You're completely allowed to use words that are blocked.
            %nbw
            You may not use any instaban words. You must count the amount of time it takes for the mods to ban you manually without the instaban words.



            Where to submit?
            The riot.im group that I've created
            https://matrix.to/#/!wMxPtiIJTXRHYNAjbi:matrix.org?via=matrix.org
            Why don't you use discord?
            discord would do the job WAY better, the reason why we don't use it is because I'm not tryna get banned so yeah.



            Instaban words
            Disclaimer:This list contains slurs. If it's typed it's for the list

                captcha
                homie(no this ain't cap just try it)
                lyra
                annex
                casper(not confirmed)
                email
                phone
                discord
                nigga
                nigger
                faggot
                tween

            If you find anymore words, let me know and I'll add it to the list



            Ways to get banned without censored words
            Curse out all of the pedos
            The mods fucking hate it when you hurt their egos, if you curse out the pedos, you will get banned.
            Talk off topic
            Just go completely off topic, just don't talk about pedophilia, talk about the randomest shit that's not pedophilia, the mods hate that.



            The link to tppp(ACCESS WITH CAUTION)
            Get this big, share it everywhere. Discord, deeplink, instagram, tiktok, twitter, everywhere you can think of. Make this challenge trending, we can do it guys.
