










FAQ
Blog
Contact us
Buy in bulk
Images
Place banner
Client cart

Sony Vaio
Refurbished
Alienware Aurora
Alienware x17
Alienware Ryzen
Strix Mid Tower
ROG Zephyrus
ROG Flow
ROG Monitors
ROG phones
ROG Strix
Strix Full Tower
Summer Sales lasting a few months! 20-45% off!Full escrow! ~60 cryptocurrencies accepted!

















Thank you for your order!
This page requires javascript, localStorage and HTML5.
Don`t mix localStorage and cookies. They aren`t the same. We do not set any cookies on your browser. You can use our web site with totally blocked cookies.
This page contains client cart, API and has much advantages such as possibilities to order different items in one order, easily add and remove, easily change quantity, order Linux installation, add the same items of different colors. This page automatically counts quantity, Reseller Discount and total price, and does everything for you so that you don`t need to do anything yourself.
But if you clicked under the item on "Add to cart with javascript" and after that the client cart on this page is empty, you have the following choices:

Try to go back and click again.
Enable javascript in your browser.
Enable localStorage in your browser.
Use another browser, if this browser is so ancient that do not support localStorage and HTML5.
Go back to the item and proceed with "Order without javascript"






Your shopping cart
You are already enjoying of significant Summer Sales discounts!
We have Reseller Discount also.
If you buy 1 item - no Reseller Discount, 2-4 items - 10% Reseller Discount, 5 or more items - 20% Reseller Discount.
    Buy in bulk! Then sell to your friends. Our Reseller Program is just for You.
   Start earning money with us!
Your Shopping Cart remembers what you have added to it. You can continue shopping now by opening another page or going back and adding another items.
Many items are sold in different colors or with different GPU etc. If you want a few the same items but with different options, simply go back to the page with the item, change there option, as example it`s color, and click again on "Add to cart with javascript". You will find 2 the same items in the Shopping Cart, but with different colors!



    Price subtotal without discounts:


    Price subtotal after Summer Sales discounts:


    Quantity subtotal without installations:


    Your Reseller Discount:


    Price subtotal after Reseller Discount:


    You have saved on discounts:




        * Delete all items



Do you want Linux or Windows 7/8?
All computers and laptops which we are selling currently have Windows 10 Home or Pro installed. If this is what you want, you should not do anything in this section. But if you want Linux or downgrading Windows to 7 or 8, then:
First choose here OS you want:

Debian 10
Debian 11
Fedora 34
Fedora 33
OpenBSD
Qubes 4.1 Alpha
Qubes 4.0
Ubuntu 20 LTS
Ubuntu 21
Linux Mint 20.1 Cinnamon
Linux Mint 20.1 MATE
Linux Mint 20.1 Xfce
Linux Mint 20.2 Cinnamon
Linux Mint 20.2 MATE
Linux Mint 20.2 Xfce
OpenSUSE
PCLinuxOS
Mandriva
Gentoo
CentOS
Solaris
FreeBSD
RedHat
Arch Linux
Slackware
Puppy Linux
Kubuntu
Zorin OS
Sto Amigo
Elementary OS
Kali Linux
Parrot OS
Black Arch
Manjaro
Windows 7
Windows 8
Linux distribution which is not on the list

Send us e-mail to sonyvaiotrading@dnmx.org after completing order, if You have chosen last option, to let us know which distribution you want.
Then click on the image of the computer or laptop above in the cart, on which you want this OS to be installed. Installation order should appear in the cart. Scroll a little to find it. Our system does not react, if you click on image of phone or monitor.
If you order a few computers or laptops of the same model, then decide on how many of them you want installation of this operating system. By default it`s 1. So if you leave it so, and you ordered a few of this model, it means that rest of them would preserve Windows 10. Otherwise you choose a few installations of this operating system on this model.
If you order a few computers or laptops of the same model, you maybe want one operating system on one or few of them and some another operating system on one or few of them. Then choose that another operating system again in the list and click again on the same image.
If you want some another operating system on another model, the again first choose OS, then click on that another model`s image, then choose quantity.
Whenever you make mistake or changed your mind, there is always "Delete" button at your disposal.

Most of Linux operating systems can be installed to every model without any issues. Downgrading of Windows also is not problem for us. But some OS, like Qubes, especially Qubes 4.1 Alfa, are nasty. They have strict hardware requirements, so if there are difficulties with installation of such OS, we would contact you by email for discussing further steps.
Installation of Linux or downgrading Windows costs $90 $50.
Why downgrading Windows?
Windows 7 is still running




Your personal information and shipping address:
Used just for shipping. According to our high privacy policies, first name, last name and your address deleted from our database directly after shipping order to you. We never share your private information with anybody.
Your email address, information about what have you ordered, payment information and your order id remain on our server during 3 months for communication with you and resolving issues, if such happen. We never share your email address or information about you and your orders with anybody. You can always request by email to delete all information about you from  our database.
Just english alphabet letters with spaces between words, digits, - , and email address, no accents accepted, eg. Zażółć gęslą jaźń you write as Zazolc gesla jazn"
If you order for someone else, you would specify name and address of the receiver instead of yours.
First name:

Last name:

Your email:


Country:






























































































































































































































































State or province:
City or town:
Street:
Number:
Postal code:

I agree with
Privacy Policy and
Terms of Service




























FAQ
Blog
Contact us
Buy in bulk
Images
Place banner
Client cart
Privacy Policy
TOS

Sony Vaio
Refurbished
Alienware Aurora
Alienware x17
Alienware Ryzen
Strix Mid Tower
ROG Zephyrus
ROG Flow
ROG Monitors
ROG phones
ROG Strix
Strix Full Tower





© Computer & Mobile Trading 2018-2022. All rights reserved.
sonyvaiotrading@dnmx.org
Address: PO Box 1935, Salamat House, La Poudriere Lane, Victoria, Mahe island, Seychelles.










Place your such a big or small banner for free here:
