


















































                            Home



                                                    Links to Dark Web Sites


    Guides and Review



















                                                    Dread Forum Has Released V3 with Exciting Updates...


                                                    Mar 18, 2022













                                                    Guide: How to Buy On ToRReZ Market


                                                    Nov 27, 2021













                                                    How Does MTA-STS Improve Your Email Security?


                                                    Aug 31, 2021













                                                    3 reasons centralizing your data is a bad idea


                                                    Jul 8, 2021













                                                    Icarus Market Review


                                                    May 13, 2021













                                                    Your Reviews & News



                                                    Forum



                                                    Contact Us



                                                    INFINITY EXCHANGER























































                                Home



                                                Links to Dark Web Sites



                                                Guides and Review



                                                Your Reviews & News



                                                Forum



                                                Contact Us



                                                INFINITY EXCHANGER














































                Choose a Post Format









                                Article
                                Add an article with images and embed videos.









                                Video
                                Upload a video or embed video from Youtube or Vimeo.









                                Audio
                                Upload your audios and create your playlist.

















                        Home



                                Drugs


                                         Warren Man Indicted for Purchasing Meth via Dark Web to Sell











                                        Drugs




                    Warren Man Indicted for Purchasing Meth via Dark Web to Sell


                            A Warren man has been indicted for dark web drug-related offenses committed in 2019



                                                    Jun 23, 2020











            Discuss on Forum










































                        A Warren man has been hit with an indictment after a federal grand jury found that the man contravened drug laws after law enforcement discovered that the man purchased meth via the darknet.

Bradley McCaslin, the 30-year-old suspect, is reported to have tried possessing more than fifty grams of substance with the intention of distributing the drug for sale. A court indictment intimated that the fifty grams of substance accounted for an unknown mixture containing a detectable amount of meth.

Investigators to the case found out that McCaslin had purchased the banned substance from the dark web, with plans to sell it.

According to the law, if convicted, the man’s faces the maximum sentence of 40 years in prison, a fine of $5,000,000, or both.

Suspect Arrested in 2019

In 2019, McCaslin and another Warren man, were apprehended in response to a federal warrant that was issued against them – after investigators discovered that the pair was in possession of a significant amount of meth.

McCaslin faced a number of charges based on the circumstances in which he was arrested, including a DUI charge, the violation of hazard regulations and possession with intent to distribute a controlled substance.

The man’s accomplice, 30-year-old Thomas Valentine, faced two counts – the possession of a controlled substance with intent to distribute a controlled substance and using a communications facility for criminal purposes.

The two men had been held in custody at the Warren County jail after the pair failed to post bail, which was $20,000 for Valentine and $25,000 for McCaslin. According to evidence presented in court, the arrests were made for offenses that were committed in Mid-2019.

Drugs Purchased via Dark Web

Authorities said that Valentine fell into a law enforcement trap in October 2019, he unknowingly spoke to a confidential informant.

Investigations uncovered Valentine’s move to buy 14 grams of meth at $185. According to the police, the confidential informant in the case was served the $185 to send to Valentine in order to complete purchase of the drug via dark web.

It is reported that the suspect received the consignment by November and the informant was sent to his home for the sale. The informant is said to have met law enforcement agents who confirmed the purchased evidence that was placed in a clear packaging.

The same arrangement was made in November 27 when an informant received $275 from agents to enable another dark web purchase with Valentine. It turns out that the transaction led to the purchase of 24 grams of meth.

 

 

Laying the Trap

When McCaslin’s car was watched by the police on Yankee Bush Road in the wee hours of a July morning, the vehicle was found to lack headlights, taillights, hazard lights - with an operator who was fast asleep.

The police discovered the suspect who was in a rather unfit state to be driving. The man looked lethargic and in a muddled state of mind – he even had difficulty locating the car’s door handle.

Police alleged that McCaslin failed a series of sobriety tests and, on checking the vehicle, agents discovered a pill bottle, and 3.5 grams of a substance that appeared like meth in a plastic bag.

The officers also found 1,055 pills stamped Xanax that were held in a bottle, including another 431 pills of Xanax stored in a zip-loc bag.

On questioning, it is reported that McCaslin admitted to the authorities that he had consumed “two Xanax”. He also informed police that he had a habit of consuming meth on a daily basis.

Consequently, a comprehensive search was conducted on the suspect’s car – which revealed the 23 grams of meth and other drug-related paraphernalia.

You can join the discussion on Dread and Tape forum

 

 
















                    Previous Article



                        Ex-Policeman Accused of Double Murder Bought Poison and Drugs via Darknet




                    Next Article



                        Popular Stalker Online Hacked, 1.2 Million Records Posted on the Darknet





























                        Related Posts





















            Crafty Darknet Sites Are Taking Advantage of the COVID-19...


            Aug 26, 2020




















            Dark Web Drug Dealers Jailed After Using Auto Bot to Take...


            May 3, 2021




















            Birmingham Body Builder Used the Dark Web to Produce Steroids...


            Aug 3, 2020







































        Announcement












    Dear Guests and Freinds ! 
    Remember that Tape Project is NOT responsible for other forums and markets !
    Tape is NOT responsible for sites which buy advertising from us !
    We are NOT responsilbe for vendor's and admin's actions from other sites !














        Online Hidden Services










    The best services:


            Onion Links & Telegram Channels ⭐


            HackTown


            Sonar


            Darkipedia


            Recorn


            Darkurl 


            Darknet Trust


            Protonmail 


            Elude.in


            Mail2Tor


            AnonFiles


            DarkEye


            Darknetlive


            Public XMPP servers 



    Forums:


            Tape Forum ⭐


            Breaking Bad


            The Majestic Garden


            CryptBB


            The Hub | 2nd


            Envoy



    Markets:


            Evil Corp


            Tor2Dor | 2nd | 3rd | 4th


            Nemesis


            Kingdom | 2nd | 3rd | 4th | 


            Cosmos


            AlphaBay


            ASAP | 2nd



    Vendor shops:

        SmokersCo 2nd | 3rd | 4th

            Heineken Express


            WeAreAmsterdam


            Medicine Man UK
















        Find us here


              Telegram 

        Tape Clearnet   

      Tape Forum           

      Dread

      Darkfail

      DarknetLive

        Twitter

        Tor.Fish

Contact us on Sonar : tapenews

Jabber:  TAPE_Project@jabb.im

Tape_Administration@protonmail.com



 




























































                        Partners:
                partner name



                        Contacts Us:
                Advertise / Contact Us



                        Quick Links:
                Contact UsDread











                        © Copyright 2022 Tape - All Rights Reserved
