







          unique_opportunities
          Selling Cloned Credit Cards





          Home
          FAQ
          FeedBack
          Contact






        Latest News
        Website Update
        December 29th, 2014
        Getting ready for 2015, full website redesign. Take a look around and let us know what you think.

        Spring Sale(25% Discount on Everything)
        March 1st - 15th, 2015
        Currently pushing out the rest of our product left over from last year.
        Useful Links

          Buy Bitcoin(Clearnet link)
          Calculate your total(Clearnet link)
          Place order
          Home





        FAQ Section



			Where is shipping available?- I've been shipping my product world wide, as long as you have a valid shipping address, I can
			send you whatever you order.
			How long does shipping take?- The amount of time it takes to receive my digital products(dumps and tracks) is between 20 minutes and 2 hours
			depending on the time of day and week. The time it takes to receive my physical products varies. Regular shipping will take 3 to 7 business days depending
			on where you are ordering from and the express shipping will take 1 to 3 days also depending on where you are ordering from.
			How discrete is your shipping/packaging and will it pass though customs?- I've successfully shipped orders to the US, Mexico, Canada,
			many European countries, throughout Africa, South America, Australia and Asia. So yes I have discrete packaging and yes customs won't be an issue if you're ordering
			from me.
			Is Bitcoin the only form of payment you accept?- Yes, it's secure and anonymous. I won't accept WU, moneygram, Paypal, etc. etc.
			only Bitcoin.
			Is there express shipping available?- Yes, the price of it varies depending on your location and the size of your order. Just
			ask me about it if you're interested
			Can my name be put on any of the cards I order?- Yes, I can print/emboss(depending on the card) your name on the cards if you want it on there. Otherwise
			if you don't want your name on it, I'll just leave it with no name.
			Do I have to take any precautions while using the cards?- I send a personalized in depth guide with your first order that tells you how to effectivly and safely use my product,
			if you follow it to the T you won't have anything you need to worry about.
			Can i just buy the card data?- Yes, ask me about it and i'll give you the details.





      Copyright © unique_opportunities
