



	Skip to content















					KingMarket











					Main Menu











			Search Engines
MarketPlaces
E-mail services
Forums
Social networks​
Bitcoin wallet​
VPN services​
Hosting
File uploaders​
books





















































										manticore@criptext.com














			Credit card with balance



								The best-selling financial products on the darknet (Prepaid cards and PayPal transfers). We have been working since 2014 to give you the opportunity to choose the best product at an affordable price.






						SEE PRODUCTS



























			About



								Hey! Welcome on our site! We are a group of international carders and money clearing experts.So if you are here you must be looking for some financial support. Maybe for a way to get rich? We offer a large selection of Dark Cash Transactions at the lowest price.


















					World Wide Shipping​

								We can ship to every country in the world

















					Customers Support​

								We are always glad to help you

















					Your Privacy​

								Protected by 100%

















					Detailed instruction​

								You will be able to use the product safely.


























			VISA Prepaid cards



								Our prepared debit cards are designed to withdraw money through an ATM, without the possibility of online payment. There is no previous card holder, very convenient. Guarantees pure profit and 100% anonymity



































			PayPal Transfers



								PayPal is a big network where accounts are recognised using their PayPal IDs. If you want to buy PayPal Transfer you only need to leave us your PayPal ID – it’s your e-mail you’re using to login into the account. You’ll get your money in about 1-2 hours after payment. We don’t sell stolen accounts, we send you clean money.








































			PayPal - 800$



			Safely | Fast transfer | Easy | 100% guarantee against blocking your personal account






						BUY for 59$



















			PayPal - 1 500$



			Safely | Fast transfer | Easy | 100% guarantee against blocking your personal account






						BUY for 89$



















			PayPal - 3 500$



			Safely | Fast transfer | Easy | 100% guarantee against blocking your personal account






						BUY for 159$



























			VISA - 3 400$



			Work World Wide | 4 Digit PIN Code Included | Best for: Stores, Online Shopping and ATM’s withdrawals






						BUY for 109$



















			VISA - 6 500$



			Work World Wide | 4 Digit PIN Code Included | Best for: Stores, Online Shopping and ATM’s withdrawals






						BUY for 159$



















			VISA - 10 000$



			Work World Wide | 4 Digit PIN Code Included | Best for: Stores, Online Shopping and ATM’s withdrawals






						BUY for 209$























			FAQ










												Why you are selling these Cards ?

					We are able produce full loaded Prepaid Credit Cards. We cashout most Cards on our own – but it is a safety issue to cashout all cards in same region.We selling these Cards all over the World to camouflage our identitys and avoid risks.







												How can i pay ?

					We accpeting ONLY BITCOIN for payment . It is a safe and anonym payment system. We will open a fresh new wallet for every customer.







												 Do You Accept Escrow?

					Yes we can use escrow but it will be somewhat more expensive because escrow services charge a Commission







												When will I receive my order?

					You will receive all information such as your card number, card confirmation number, PIN code, owner, email address, password, and additional information by mail immediately after our system registers your payment.







												Your working hours ?

					You can write to us at any time, regardless of the time zone , we work 24/7







												Will I get my money back if the product is not delivered?

					If the delivery is lost or they have any problems with the card, we will replace them.All our packages come with a tracking ID. We will check all the cards before sending them.







												Which countries do you ship your products to?

					We can send postcards to any country







												 In which countries I will be able to use it?

					Visa and MasterCard are international cards, and you can withdraw them at any ATM.


















			© 2015-2021 KINGMARKET. All rights reserved.











										manticore@criptext.com
