



    Euphoric Oblivion


        Home
        About
        Contact
        FAQ
        Feedback






    Feedback
     Order





  To post a comment please enter Order ID.

    Order ID:








  happy0tails

Hello, i ordered from these guys last week and my card just arrived. It's working great so far.
Thanks guys, i'll be back for more
if everything keeps going well.



Danny

Hi all. I've used both the US chipped and magnetic cards with success. The cards have been very reliable for me.
I doubt I'm the only one who they work for, good luck to everyone else.



treyyVeq

I've found the golden goose! The 5 pack I ordered got in yesterday and i've been using them all at the same time.
I'm not sure if i should be doing this, but at one stope i can get over 3 gs out of an ATM using all 5 cards at 700 per card
a day. I'm pretty impressed. PEACE.



Rainydays

First legit vendor i've found here on the hw that is actully delivering product. Best Regards.



11:22

Finally I didn't get screwed over again. These guys seem like they're pretty new, but they deliever and thats
all i care about. thanks a tonzz!



Tinker

Am reccomending to my friends. Great stuff. Smooth transaction.



Sraw53 warduck

 Got my order in 2 days with the express shipping option. The packaging was very clever, especially for 10 cards.
So far everything is working as advertised.



tyren

Best cards i've ever used... well only ones i've every used i guess. Everything as promised. A PLUS all the way.



kpopsucks

Thannnnnkkkkkyoooouuuu VERY MUCH! Couldn't ask for better.



Z Terminator

Pleasure to do business with. Great service and fast. 5/5 stars.



LudesAlltheway

I found out about you guys at the perfect time. It's my gfs BDay in a week and i'll be able to take her on the best shopping
spree of her entire life... I've successfully used 6 cards now with no issues. It's smooth sailing with you guys. Best Regards.



EbolaInfector

I've been with this group right as they started and they have't failed me once. Once you feel comfortable with them as a vendor,
their 20 pack is definitaly the best value if you want to be flooded in cards.



VladR

Shipping took too weeks, that made me rather
upset. The card i orderd is working just like they said though. I'd give
 it 4/5 for now
and if next time is faster i'd bump it up to a 5/5.



Danny

They are maintaining my affection for them with their excellent service and fucking magical unicorn cards 8D.



JJ

Ordered the minium of one card and it arrived in 3
 days with regular shipping. I was suprised because they said it could
take up to a week. I'm extremely pleased so
far and will be ordering many more cards if they continue to work out
like this order has.



FranklintheTurtle

The express shipping with you guys is amazingly fast! TY TY TY!



Anon88amous

First time buyer on the deep web. These cards are
awesome! i never knew that things like this even exsisted. its liek the
matrix or something.



parden_T

 I got tired of the cloned card sellers, the cards
 have high balances but the constant hassle of having to hide your face
while using
them wasn't worth it. The prepaid cards make a world of difference.
Bravo and thankyou for offering a product such as this.



NewGuy7

I don't get why you guys don't use the cards yourselves! It's like you're wasting money. The card i ordered worked like
a charm just like everyone else has been saying. Its unreal. Best thing i've bought on tor.



rippedbeast

 Shit just got real. My cousin told me about hidden markets and the deep web stuff. Never knew this stuff even exsisted...



andrewdill95

 I just used my cards to buy games online and i bought a new xbox one last week. im gonna be ordering all the cards i can and
buy everything i want. Super good cards.



Bella

 leaving feedback. best card vendor around. i'll be back soon.



NuckleSandwich

The last card i used was a dud. I had ordered a 3
pack and the first two worked perfectly, but the last card
kept reading "invalid" everywhere i tryed to use it. I emailed you guys
about it and am just waiting for a response. Don't get me wrong, the
order was
totally worth it and if i was to only get 2/3 working cards every time
i'd still buy from you guys, but i wanted to see if i could get a free
replacement
or something. Thank you for everything so far.



gunnerWW11

I wish i knew about you guys sooner. I needed this in my life badly. Regards.



234567889

First 3 card order has been a 100 percent perfect success. I've already put in another order. Cheers!


Mikey_M

Your group has saved me from my financal stress. i've hated it all my
 life and this is the first time in my life i'm not worring about
next months bills :) THANX!!!!


Its your cousin

The travel cards work awesome if  you're moving around a lot and the best part is that you can get them loaded with like 5grand.


Teradicktal triranasucktic

Why can't I get a response from you fuckers?


drylimps553914

Cheers for the extra card last order! I think i'll be tipping you guys next time around.

Octo4

This last order I placed it taking forrevverrr. I hope it comes soon,
 the first one got here fast. I'm not going to use standard shipping
anymore
after this.

Euphoric Oblivion Team

@Teradicktal triranasucktic    please make sure you're sending a
message to the correct email address(euphoricoblivn@sigaint.org) and
make sure
the email is delivered, if you get a message saying that the mail damion
 didn't send your message then you may need to create another email
address with
a different provided. This is prone to happen with hotmail and outlook
accounts. Thank you.

THC420CBD

Now that week is legal where I live, these cards are perfect for buying shit tons of it and selling it to friends.

toruser08

I noticed you guys ship out of Canada, at least that's what it looked
 like on the package. Why did you say there wasn't next day shipping
available for me?
I live in Canada. btw the cards worked just like they were said to.
thank you for an honest service

Teradicktal triranasucktic

okay i'll try that. I already ordered from you guys and just wanted
to order again as the first test card arrived and I already emptied it.
not trying to make you sound bad or anything

yzk

Please check your inbox!!! ive been waiting for almost 11 hours now to put in another order

Walky infored

Fuck ya.

robin oliarge

I had a problem with a magnetic card I was using yesterday at the
self check out. I've been using them there forever and always just slide
 but yesterday it declined the card
so i tried another one that I had on hand there and it got declined too.
 I think the magnetic cards won't even be allowed anymore at somepoint.
That's how it seems at least.

brokecollegefag

Fuckin excellent service. I've been short on money for so damn long so this is like a fresh breath of air.



Order






    Copyright © 2009-2021 Euphoric Oblivion. All Rights Reserved
