








Tips to avoid being scammed or arrested when hiring a hitman

Hire a hitman        
Real Hitman Services        
Fake Hitmen        
Tips to avoid scams       
Wetwork on onion       
Contact









Easy to follow tips and advices to ensure you don't get scammed or arrested when hiring a hitman online. This is a 100% bullet proof method to avoid being scammed when ordering illegal services online.



Check Reputation of each hitmen service

Do not use hitman services that have been marked as scams on several big scam lists. Customers usually fill scam complains when they are unhappy with some service and the scamming hitmen get listed on scam lists.

There are well known hitmen scams that have been reported as fake on major scam repositories.

These scam lists get updated often and you can always find if the a hitmen service is a scam or not by checking the lists



  http://hupvgvxty2662efzqdjr5zwnafnk7sn5sjicpjbajmeiuseuopo3rxqd.onion
  - Tor scam list

This is a scam list made by a guy who got cheated on several dark web sites, and he got tired of being scammed. He did this scam list of all scams on dark web, not just hitmen.

It presents all kind of scams on dark web including hitmen.

Anyone can contact the site owner and report scams, hitmen scams or not, along with proof, and he will list it there.





  http://pddnz5kjzqsi4oniez5k5ehfohzh7tp22w2pkaigukdcurmae4xamzyd.onion/  - Hidden Wiki

The Hidden Wiki is like the wikipedia of Tor. It contains hundreds of sites on dark web, with illegal items, such as stolen credit cards, fake curency, guns and drugs, carded items and hitmen.

Some customer report scams to the admin of the site and he marks those sites accordingly.

The hidden wiki has a section of trusted sites that have been verified by their admins.



Apart of those scam lists check the section of our site with hitmen scams. If a site is marked as scam with us as well as with other big scam lists, then is a scam for sure and should not be used.

 Pay safe with bitcoin through escrow

Checking scam lists if your chosen hitman service is a scam cuts down the risk of being scammed to 80%. But what if the hitman service you want to use has not been reported as scam by customers yet?




You can avoid being scammed by making sure you don't pay upfront.

Do not EVER pay upfront any hitman service online. They can simply take the money and vanish.

The only problem is that hitmen services are afraid that after they do the job, you run away and hide and don't pay them for the job. As you are anonymous they can't find you to kill you.

The best way to pay a hitman service is with bitcoin through escrow. The escrow service is a site independent from you and hitman service, and they make money by taking a small comission from the payment to ensure that neither the customer or the hitman doesn't scam each other.

An escrow work like this:

First you create an escrow transaction where you enter the price, the description of the job, and the expected time for delivery.

Then you put the bitcoin into escrow, to show the hitman that you have the funds ready.

Once the hitman does the job, you click on a button to relase funds from escrow to the hitman. If the hitman fails to do the job you request the funds back from the escrow admin. The escrow keeps the fees whetever you get the funds back or send the funds to the seller, so they have no reason to side with you or with the hitman.

If the hitman does the job and you refuse to pay, the hitman will send a complaint to the escrow admin along with proof that he did the job, and he will request the escrow admin to send the funds to the hitman.

The escrow admin works as an arbitrator between you and the hitman.

This is why is important to choose an escrow service that accepts anonimity and illegal services.



For example, the biggest escrow site is http://www.escrow.com

This escrow site is ideal when you want to buy goods or services offshore. It accepts credit cards, checks, wire transfers as well as other methods of payments.

When you want to buy something from a seller that is not trusted, you put the funds in escrow and they keep it there until you receive the goods. You don't pay directly to avoid the hassle of going to the back and to a chargeback on the credit card if you din't receive the item.

The only problem with www.Escrow.com is that they do not accept anonimity or illegal stuff like murder, or killing.

Some hitmen suggest that you put a fake id and fake description in escrow transaction, such providing a laptop. But then, if they fail to complete the job, they can just provide proof they have shipped a laptop to that fake id you provided, and escrow.com will send them the funds

Is important to put a real description in escrow, because if there are disputes the escrow admin will check the description and see if it has been done or not.

If the person is not dead then the escrow will send the funds back to you.

There are several escrows that accept anonimity and illegal services, the best one is:



Smart Escrow http://3zqyxixcjsjcgvtnnecplis54ul2d3zvop22yr6qitap23umqduct6yd.onion

It is accepted by most top hitmen services that are real and legit.

In addition you can do your own search for escrow servics that accept anonimity and illegal services, and choose the one that you prefer.

However, keep in mind, that you should never pay the hitman upfront with bitcoin.

Do not pay with cash in person, you could run into an undercover cop and be arrested, or the hitman could take the cash advance and run away.

Do not pay with credit card, wire transfer because if the hitman gets arrested the payment can be traced back to you by police.

Bottom line

If you always check the reputation of a chosen hitman service to ensure it has no scam complains, and if you pay with bitcoin anonimously through escrow, you can NOT be scammed.

Update: some of our customers reported that also a multi-sig transaction can ensure saftey.

Beware that some hitmen scams falsely claim they offer multi-sig wallets! A multi-sign wallet is a bitcoin wallet where both the customer and the hitman bust provide a digital signature to send funds out from it.

The problem with the multi-sign wallets is that if the hitman refuses to provide digital signature to send the funds out, you will remain with the funds stuck!!!

You can't send the funds out from a multi-sig wallet if the hitman refuses to. So do not ever put funds into a multi-sign wallet because you might get the funds stuck there.

How to buy Bitcoin

The easiest way to buy bitcoin is to google how to buy bitcoin in your country.

Bitcoin is a cryptocurency, this means it needs to be stored digitally on a computer or a phone in a digital wallet.

You can download trusted digital wallets such as http://www.electrum.org and create a wallet for free.

One good option to buy bitcoins is http://www.localbitcoins.com

They provide you with a free wallet and you can view traders in your city or country that can give you bitcoin for cash or wire transfers.

It is safe to purchase bitcoins with wire transfers, because buing bitcoin is not an illegal act. Anyone can purchase bitcoins for investment purposes.

To ensure that the bitcoins purchased with a wire transfer can not be traced back to you please see next section.

How to ensure you are not traced when buying Bitcoin

To ensure you don't get tracked, you should mix the bitcoins.



check with the website where you are sending the bitcoins if they have a built-in bitcoin mixer. If they do, such as the escrow service mentioned above, then you do not need to do additional bitcoin mixing, as double mixing will just result in waisting fees, with no benefits.

However, if the website where you are sending bitcoins does not have a built-in bitcoin mixer, then you should     use a bitcoin mixer such as http://knhqs44gk76fvu7emhdcgln5vnf7fcnsztgesva4bbv62zua5lxlbjyd.onion to remove any traces in your bitcoin activity and delete past history of transactions.

The mixing works like this:

You have one free bitcoin wallet that has your name on it, such as on LocalBitcoins.com or CoinBase.com

You create a new free anonymous bitcoin wallet using software like Electrum .

This new wallet is anonymous because doesn't have your name or bank account

You then use the bitcoin mixer to send the bitcoin from your LocalBitcoins wallet, to this anonymous wallet on Electrum.

If anyone asks what you did with the bitcoins that you purchased with wire transfer on LocalBitcoins, you can say you donated it to a charity.

When sending the bitcoins to the Bitcoin Mixer, it will get replaced with other bitcoins from bitcoin miners, that will be sent back to the anonymous wallet of yours.

This way the link between your bitcoins purchased with your bank account and the bitcoins from the anonnymous wallet will be broken.

You can use this top recommended mixer or you can do your own search and use any other bitcoin mixer that you like, but regardless of what mixer you use please check whether is works fine first!

By not paying the hitman upfront you ensure the hitman can't take the money and run.

Remember these 3 things, check hitman reputation, pay with bitcoin through escrow, and use a bitcoin mixer to delete traces of bitcoin activity and you are safe.

Help us and donate

If you find this article useful, please remember to help our site by donating to:



 17b1KNcuq34cCsmanjvsqcrvZzjFdmQCPs




We are not affiliated with any of the hitmen sites presented here so the only way to earn money is by donations from visitors who apreciate our work of helping them stay safe from hitmen scams.



                © 2022 Hire a hitman, hire a killer, hitman services
