





























































          Skip to main content









                  Create













































































































































































          Twitter Spaces








































































































          Twitter Spaces



















































































































































































































































          Twitter Spaces is where live audio conversations happen.




























  The conversation about you and your content is at its best on Twitter, and now you can Tweet and talk. Spaces unlocks conversations on Twitter with the depth and power only the human voice can bring. These ephemeral, live audio conversations allow for open, authentic, and unfiltered discussions, and there’s a Space for any and every topic and conversation, from small and intimate to millions of listeners.















































































































































          Reach













































  Live Spaces appear at the top of the timeline, making it easy for people to join yours.
































































































          Control













































  It’s your Space, so you get to decide who can speak and when.
































































































          Connect













































  Live audio conversations allow you to connect with your audience in a new way.































































































          Your browser does not support the <code>video</code> element.
























































































          Features & functionality



















































            Jump to





                Live audio






                Accessible & discoverable






                Share the mic






                Contextualize the conversation


















                  Jump to 















                        Live audio






                        Accessible & discoverable






                        Share the mic






                        Contextualize the conversation

























 








































































          Live audio













































  No need to be camera-ready — Spaces are audio, giving you the freedom and flexibility to start a conversation at any time, from anywhere. From home, on location, or at a sports game or awards show, you can bring the power of your voice straight to your audience.



















































































































































 








































































          Accessible & discoverable













































  At any point while hosting, listening, or speaking inside of a Space, you can tap the “Turn on captions” button, which will allow you to see live captions of any host or speakers who have consented to having their speech in Spaces captioned. Live Spaces appear highlighted in purple at the top of your followers’ timelines, making them easy to find and join, and you can assign up to three topics to a Space you host, to help make your Space more discoverable. We’re also testing out a Spaces tab (currently available in English and on iOS).



















































































































































 








































































          Share the mic













































  When you host a Space, you have complete control over mic access. Spaces can include up to 11 speakers at any one time, and once a Space has started, listeners can request speaker access from within the Space. Hosts can invite up to two co-hosts to help moderate the conversation, and hosts can also utilize safety tools to remove or block accounts.



















































































































































 








































































          Contextualize the conversation













































  Set the mood by adding context to your Space by giving it a descriptive name and sharing relevant Tweets directly within the Space. There’s no limit to the number of Tweets you can add, and anyone who can speak in the Space can share a Tweet. Adding Tweets can help drive the conversation, and you can include any Tweet you like — not just your own.














































































































































































































































          How-to


          Twitter Spaces how-to guide




























  Spaces are a new way to have live audio conversations on Twitter. This is your guide to starting, joining, and promoting a Space of your own.



























    Read more



















































































































































          Twitter Spaces: 101













































  Want to learn more about Twitter Spaces? You’re in the right place. Our how-to guide is a popular starting place to bring yourself up to speed. From announcements, best practices, to case studies -- this is your destination for all things Spaces.

























































































































































          Notifications On


          Notifications On for Shaniah Bell




























  Notifications On showcases the best and brightest Creators on Twitter. For this edition, we’re talking to #SpacesGotTalent co-creator Shaniah Bell about creating content for Black makeup enthusiasts and how memes make everything better.



























    Meet Shaniah



















































































































































          “Whether you want to tell a more narrative story, give a news report, invite everyone to the stage to expand on a topic, if you can talk about it, it can be a Space!”




























   
- Felicia Wellington Radel, Engagement Editor






















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































          Get the latest inspiration and resources from Twitter Create right to your inbox.




















































    Subscribe

































































    Subscribe















































































































              Twitter platform










                  twitter.com





                  Status





                  Card validator





                  Embed a Tweet





                  Privacy Center





                  Transparency Center








              Twitter, Inc.










                  About the company





                  Twitter for Good





                  Company news





                  Brand toolkit





                  Jobs and internships





                  Investors








              Help










                  Help Center





                  Using Twitter





                  Twitter for creators





                  Ads Help Center





                  Managing your account





                  Email Preference Center





                  Rules and policies





                  Contact us








              Developer resources










                  Developer home





                  Documentation





                  Forums





                  Communities





                  Developer blog





                  Engineering blog





                  Developer terms








              Business resources










                  Advertise





                  Twitter for business





                  Resources and guides





                  Twitter for marketers





                  Marketing insights





                  Brand inspiration





                  Twitter Flight School











              © 2022 Twitter, Inc.





                Cookies





                Privacy





                Terms and conditions

































































            By using Twitter’s services you agree to our Cookies Use. We use cookies for purposes including analytics, personalisation, and ads.






            OK
