





























									Home
									Mix my Coins
									Order Status
									Referral Program
									FAQ
                                    Blog

										English


                                            German
                                            Chinese
                                             Spanish
                                             French
                                             Italian
                                             Japanese
                                             Russian
                                             Turkish
                                             Nederlands
                                             Polski




									Support
















                            How to buy Bitcoin with Paypal?







                                     Last updated: 2022-01-17
                                     While the global economy is feeling the economic impact of the pandemic, it appears that Bitcoin can continue to be considered a safe haven and store of value for the foreseeable future.

                                    Unfortunately your possibilities are still limited if you want to buy Bitcoin with Paypal. The most common options remain buying Bitcoin by credit card and bank transfer. However, these have disadvantages, especially in speed and practicability.

                                    Depositing via Paypal is possible at any time and does not require a card or other devices when you are on the road. In general, Paypal does not allow you to buy Bitcoin with Paypal money. But we know a good way.

                                    These simple methods show you how to buy Bitcoins quickly and easily with PayPal.



                                 How to buy Bitcoin on Paypal?

                                 There are a few ways to buy Bitcoin with PayPal. One of the most popular methods is using VirWox, which stands for Virtual World Exchange. This site allows users to exchange SLL (Second Life Lindens) into Bitcoin.

                                 It supports the use of PayPal and Credit debit cards, but not bank transfer or credit card transactions.

                                 The other option is to purchase Bitcoin with a wire transfer.

                                 There are also plenty of exchanges that allow bank transfers and credit card transactions, but they require ID verification which can take up to a week or more.

                                 PayPal is one of the most popular online payment methods, but it is only an option if the company that you're buying from accepts PayPal as a form of payment.


                                What Cryptocurrencies does PayPal support?

                                PayPal supports the following cryptocurrencies: Bitcoin, Ethereum (ETH), Litecoin (LTC) and PayPal.

                                The fees for these transactions are relatively high, but they might be worth it if you want to purchase crypto with PayPal.


                                Why you shouldn't buy Bitcoin with PayPal

                                Don't buy Bitcoin with PayPal. There are many reasons why, but the most important one is that you will not be able to recover your funds if something goes wrong. Paying for cryptocurrency with PayPal is a bad idea.

                                First of all, you will not be able to recover your funds if something goes wrong. If the seller defaults or their account gets hacked, then you can kiss your money goodbye. If the seller goes bankrupt, you're out of luck too. Secondly, PayPal has an established history of freezing funds for dubious reasons and it is not likely to get better with Bitcoin.


                                Buy Bitcoin with PayPal through Coinbase

                                Coinbase is a popular and easy to use Bitcoin broker that allows people from all over the world to purchase bitcoins.

                                Just follow these steps to buy Bitcoin:


                                1) You'll need a Coinbase account
                                2) Next, you'll have to verify your email address
                                3) Now the verification process may take up to 24 hours if you're not already verified, so you'll need to be patient
                                4) Once the process is complete, click "Buy/Sell" and then add your card information
                                5) On the next page you'll see a QR code to scan just like you would with any Bitcoin Wallet
                                6) Next, hold the QR code up to your phone's camera and wait for it accept the offer
                                7) You'll now see the bitcoin purchase confirmation on your Coinbase account
                                8) And that's it! You'll now see the bitcoins you purchased and will be transferred to whichever Bitcoin Wallet address you choose.




                                    Buy Bitcoin with Paypal



                                    Visit the Paxful website to buy Bitcoin quickly and cheaply with Paypal.


                                    Here you find a big list of people who like to convert your Paypal money into Bitcoin. With Paxful you trade safely through a so-called Escrow protection. The money is only released after you have received your Bitcoins.


                                    Most of the dealers there do not even want a copy of your passport or a verification. So you can buy Bitcoin with Paypal almost anonymous.


                                   To disguise the traces of your purchase, use a Bitcoin Laundry and send your fresh Bitcoins to a anonymous Bitcoin Wallet.


                                   How to buy Bitcoin directly through Paypal?

                                  Another way is now available since 2021 to buy Bitcoin directly via Paypal.

                                   Buying Bitcoin with Paypal is as easy as it gets.
                                   You can pay with your deposited payment method at Paypal like for example with your bank account or credit card.

                                   Here we have written you a simple step-by-step guide, how to buy bitcoin with Paypal:




                                1. Log in to Paypal and select Cryptocurrency

                                 You should now see the option for cryptocurrencies on the top right of your dashboard, right next to "Send" and "Request".

                               2. Now choose Bitcoin

                              Or you can choose other cryptocurrencies from the list.

                              3. Select Buy

                              Click on the Buy button directly below the chart to buy Bitcoin.

                              4. Enter the desired purchase amount

                              Now enter an amount in your account currency that you want to spend on Bitcoin, or choose a preset amount below.

                              5. Choose your payment method

                              You probably already have a payment method associated with your Paypal account, but you can also add another method.

                              6. Press the "Buy" button

                              After purchase you will be redirected to a confirmation screen and you should see your Bitcoin amount in your Paypal account.


                             It is now even easier to buy Bitcoin via Paypal because Paypal now accepts cryptocurrencies and no longer prohibits them as it did a short time ago.

                            However, users can only buy and sell their Bitcoins within Paypal and cannot send them to a Bitcoin address. This means that users cannot withdraw the coins or even transfer them to other Paypal users. For this reason, there is no way for a buyer to store Bitcoin in a wallet himself. After you have bought bitcoin you should use a bitcoin mixer or mixing service like Coinomize.























                            Order Status
                            Referral Program
                            FAQ
                            Blog
                             Support



                        Copyright © 2019 by Coinomize.

















                       Contact us for questions and help


























                            Create Ticket
