






                        HomeBoard!
                        FAQRules
                        Feedback
                        Contact / Manual



                First, check that you're on our REAL url:

                    Our only real URL is: fishwfewhykavbkrzodboz6v2s7ntqtk5rkin2cz5gcemt6uubzocsad.onion. Always check that you're on this domain,
                    (you only need to check the first 8-10 characters, as it's mathematically impossible to fake anything beyond that), and for authenticity, check if the main logo of the site includes
                    the first 13 characters, '56dlutemceny6' in it's background. If both seems good, then cheers: you're good to go! Welcome to the site!




                Who are we?

                    We are a small group of hackers with a sophisticated botnet behind us -
                    this is how we get our accounts. We have our own working
                    zombie-network, each member of this network is a private PC somewhere
                    in the world. Our 'worm' is logging keystrokes, logins and passwords on
                    the hosts, and sending these infos directly to us.
                    This is all you need to know.
                    We are a familiar name within the TOR system, even Softpedia and Webroot wrote
                    articles about us. (See below.)
                    We changed a little since then, simplified our service for the benefit
                    of everyone. And yes... we had problems in the past, so we're only
                    working with Paypal accounts for now, no more credit card stuff.

                    How do I order?

                    It's simple.
                    First of all, we don't need registrations anymore. (It's a waste of
                    everyone's time, this is an anonymous network anyway.)
                    All you have to do is click on "Board" to browse our available
                    accounts. Please select the account you wanna buy, and click "Buy it"!
                    The buying procedure will then begin! You'll have to enter your e-mail (preferably a temporary) address: this
                    will be the address where the account infos will arrive to!
                    After you enter your e-mail address, our system will calculate the
                    current bitcoin price of the account (using the API for this),
                    and will give you a bitcoin address to transfer the funds to.
                    From this point our Bitcoin-daemon starts watching this address, it
                    will watch it until the payment arrives. After 3 confirmations, the
                    BTC-daemon (our custom Lazy API) will consider the payment done, and trigger the system to
                    send your data to the e-mail address you've given.
                    To prevent double-selling, if you start buying an account, it's state will
                    change to "Locked", so nobody else can buy it. If no payment is made within
                    1 hour, the account will be unlocked again, allowing others to buy it.
                    If an account has been sold (the transaction is fully completed) it'll disappear
                    from the public list for good.
                    If you're satisfied with the system, please tell a few words about your
                    experience after checkout, and allow us to share it with the others.

                    Are you guys legit?
                    Well, we guess a simple 'yes' won't satisfy you.
                    We're no teenagers here, as we stated a few lines above, even Softpedia and Webroot wrote articles about us. (See the Softpedia and/or the Webroot article for example. CLEARNET warning: Click on the links, but if they doesn't work via Tor, copy-paste the link into a clearnet browser.)
                    In the past few months, we had some 'problems' with authorities... but
                    now we're BACK!We know our prices are a bit higher than 'usual', but there is a price if you don't want to be scammed.

                    The number of scammers has risen well these days, so here are
                    a few tips to avoid them:

                    1. Can a guy who can't code a simple php system defeats paypal?
                    We don't think so, and hopefully you don't think so! Don't trust shady
                    services and 'websites' that clearly written by someonewho doesn't
                    know shit about coding and programming. Sites that can be made in 5
                    minutes with Microsoft Word... gosh!

                    2. Does a scammer invest in building a strong system?
                    Again, no. A scammer doesn't know anything about complicated systems,
                    he/she wants one thing only: your money, and fast!

                    So it's time for somebody to step up and 'bring order to chaos' here!

                    What will I get for my money?

                    You will have:
                    - A working Paypal Account with the desired balance on it
                    - A matching socks5 proxy server
                    - BASIC instructions on how to cash it out. (It means we won't send you
                        a step-by-step tutorial. We'll give you the guidelines and a few good
                        tips, but it's up to you what you'll do with them. It's not hard to
                        cash these out, though.)

                    If you have all these accounts, why are you selling it, why not cash
out yourself?

                    Because cashing them out all at once would raise high suspicion. We had
                    our problems with the authorities before, and don't wanna make the same
                    mistake again. If you cash out 4 or 5 accounts a month, it is OK. If
                    you cash out 100-200, that will raise serious suspicion. It's better
                    business for us to sell these to individual people, who can really cash
                    them out.



                    ---If you have questions not answered here, please do contact us on Torchat.We're constantly updating this FAQ.

        © Fish'n'Pal 2021
