







Top DarkNet ServicesSearch EnginesSafe Email Blogs , Forums, Chats Open sourcePrivacy Service








      NoScam
    DarkNet Hidden Wiki











Top DarkNet ServicesSearch EnginesSafe Email Blogs , Forums, Chats Open sourcePrivacy Service


















































		TOP DARK NET MARKETS 2022



 
 


 
 



 
E-Cash - Higly rated vendor on the Darknet :Money transfers paypal,Western Union , Neteller etc (Recommended)

CardStop–Credit Card seller NON VBV cards with known balances (Recommended)

Rent-A-Hacker–Hire a professional hacker for Instagram,Facebook etc etc (Recommended)

Empire-Market –Empire-Market long time trusted escrow market money transfers, gift cards , documents , guns (Recommended)

TorBuy Money transfers Paypal, Western Union. Prepaid Cards Visa, Master Card. Appliances Apple, iPhones. Phones Samsung, Huawei. Buy gift codes for Amazon, Asos, Ebay, AppStore and more... (Recommended)

Imperial Cards Legit Cloned Credit cards (Recommended)

Hire A Hitman  One of the best hitman marketplaces, with hundreds of hitmen, thousands of satisfied customers, unmoderated forum, built-in escrow and mixer, accepts external escrows, bitcoin and monero (Recommended)
 
Other interesting ClearNet Wiki's 
https://bestdeepweb.com
https://torhidden.wiki
https://thedeepdark.net
https://torhiddenlinks.org
https://thehiddenwiki.online
 
 
DARK NET SEARCH ENGINES & Hidden Wiki's
How Do I Access Hidden Services? In order to access .onion websites you need to download and install the Tor browser. You can download it for any operating system using this link. The Tor browser is a modified version of FireFox and you can use it just like your regular web browser. Is It Illegal To Explore The Dark Net?
This fully depends on what country you are in but in pretty much every country it's completely legal to explore the dark net. The only time you'll run in to legal issues is when you start committing crimes such as buying drugs or viewing illegal pornography.
 
1. TorHidden.wiki
Onion Dark Web Link Directory (also has clearnet link)Link: http://bfbzii56g2brpsg3a6hng45noo4lnby3ux5sgvpd53dyzpu3cre35ryd.onion
2. Torhiddenlinks.org
Onion Dark Web Link Directory (also has clearnet link)Link: http://6ji7dfurszw7ymbkjrksyskgy5e4niuv4qvntoy5v766qplaqqppkqad.onion
3. DeepWebLinks
Onion Dark Web Link Directory (also has clearnet link)Link: http://g4eyyhx62lmueffp3au7xpsl5ob3ggegf5eidsfuiyiimy7fpdkwr4ad.onion
4. OnionLinks
DarkNet Hidden WikiLink: http://pae34lqbhw7xcz5folw7mjvjraf7it6mpbrw7strmqobrfxjwi2mxnyd.onion
5. OnionWall
DarkNet Hidden Wiki only the latest and most relevant onion directory Link: http://kp6ewvhvc3mkimzlr43is6fy4voa7r6rdyta5kyb7nr4rgfkrombopqd.onion/
6. Torch
Torch is one of the oldest and popular search engines on the dark web with an index of 296828 sites. Apart from the possibility of site searching, advertising banners can be published on the home page and search page of this search engine.Link: http://torchdeedp3i2jigzjdmfpn5ttjhthh5wbmda2rr3jvqjg5p77c54dqd.onion/
7. Tordex
Tordex is a pretty new search engine on the dark web but has gained a lot of popularity and monthly traffic. They allow paid advertising by banners or keywords like Google. We were unable to find information about the number of sites indexed by this search engine.Link: http://tordexu73joywapk2txdr54jed4imqledpcvcuf75qsas2gwdgksvnyd.onion/
8. Ahmia
This is another search engine where you can search for dark web sites, add new sites to a search engine and report links containing content that is not approved by this search engine. Also, you can view statistics of searches for the dark web sites on the tor network.Link: http://juhanurmihxlp77nkq76byazcldy2hlmovfu2epvl5ankdibsot4csyd.onion/
9. MetGer
It is a new German search engine on the dark web, but at the same time, it offers advanced search options, including premium service, which allows you to access more data if you need it. This search engine indexes 1.5 billion pages under 260k dark web sites.Link: http://metagerv65pwclop2rsfzg4jwowpavpwd6grhhlvdgsswvo6ii4akgyd.onion/
10. Tor666
Tor66 is a popular and updated search engine that allows you to search dark web sites by many search options. This search engine also allows you advertising banners.Link: http://tor66sewebgixwhcqfnp5inzp5x5uohhdy3kvtnyfxc2e5mxiuh34iid.onion/
11. Phobos
One of the oldest search engines on the dark web, this search engine has an index of 2966145 links. Phobos search engine considered popular with the dark web users and in Reddit among the onions community.Link: http://phobosxilamwcg75xt22id7aywkzol6q6rfl2flipcqoc4e4ahima5id.onion/
 
DARK NET EMAIL PROVIDERS
Best Anonymous Email Services in 2021 .In this anonymous email piece, I’ll mention some of the best onion (and their clearnet domain versions, when available) email services which prioritize privacy and anonymity.
Some of the mentioned email services offer limited services in their free version.If you’d like all the available features to be available, you can go with their paid plans. However, all of these providers offer absolute privacy regardless of your pricing plan/packages. Here’s a list of all the anonymous email services included in this list:
1. ProtonMail – Email
ProtonMail it’s an end-to-end encrypted email service founded in 2014 at the CERN Research Center by Andy Yen, Jason Stockman, and Wei Sun. They use client-side encryption to secure the email messages and user data before it’s going through the ProtonMail servers. Their service has a standard URL and onion address that can be accessed through the Tor Network. Their service also offers paid services that increase the size of the mailbox storage volume, the number of users, and other options.Link:  https://protonmailrmez3lotccipshtkleegetolb73fuirgj7r4o4vfu7ozyd.onion
2. CTemplar – Email
CTemplar is an encrypted and anonymous email service. The company is located in Iceland, a country where privacy and data protection laws are one of the strongest laws in the world. CTemplar makes use of 4096-bit security technology. It helps to protect users from current cryptography cracking tactics and future attacks. You can sign up for free and get a mailbox with 1 GB of storage or choose one of their paid programs that increase the storage space of the mailbox and add advanced options. Link:  http://ctemplarpizuduxk3fkwrieizstx33kg5chlvrh37nz73pv5smsvl6ad.onion/
3. Elude – Email
Elude provides encrypted and anonymous email service along with complete privacy. In addition to the email services, they also offer Bitcoin Mixer and Monero Exchange. Signing up for this email service is free, and you will get a mailbox with 50 MB storage space. You can donate to Elude, and then your mailbox storage space will increase to 1 GB.Link:   http://eludemailxhnqzfmxehy3bk5guyhlxbunfyhkcksv4gvx6d3wcf6smad.onion/
4. Mail2Tor – Email
Mail2Tor is an entirely free email service that provides encryption and anonymity. Access to Mail2Tor is via the Tor Network, but you can send and receive emails from both Tor and Clearnet. Once you sign up for the service, you will be taken to the login area. The email box work through SquirrelMail Webmail. We did not find any info about the size of the mailbox storage space. After opening the mailbox, a message appeared stating that the email servers storage space were overloaded, so emails that are in the mailboxes less than six months ago would automatically be deleted.Link:  http://mail2torjgmxgexntbrmhvgluavhj7ouul5yar6ylbvjkxwqf6ixkwyd.onion/register.php
5. TorBox – Email
TorBox is an encrypted and anonymous email service that operates on the tor network only. You cannot receive and send emails to mailboxes such as Gmail, Yahoo, Outlook, etc. You can sign up for free and receive a 25MB email box.Link:  http://torbox36ijlcevujx7mjb4oiusvwgvmue7jfn2cvutwa6kl6to3uyqad.onion/
6. Blackhost – Email
Blackhost is an email service that runs on the tor network but allows you to send emails to email boxes such as Gmail, Yahoo, etc. This email service has an excellent security level with high-quality encryption and complete anonymity. You can sign up for this email service is free, and you will receive 25MB storage for sending and receiving emails.Link:  https://blackhost7pws76u6vohksdahnm6adf7riukgcmahrwt43wv2drvyxid.onion/
7. DNMX – Email
It’s a email address service. You can access to this email service through the Tor network by using their onion address. DNMX is completely free and supported by user donations. This is a great service for anyone who wants to communicate via email but does not want to open a regular mailbox.Link:  http://hxuzjtocnzvv5g2rtg2bhwkcbupmk7rclb6lly3fo4tvqkk5oyrv3nid.onion/
8. Cock.li – Email
A popular email service on the dark web that allows you to open a free, anonymous mailbox Site owners declare that the security level of this email is low and can read the emails sent through their servers. Signing up for this email service is free and no need to provide personal information. Users donations bear the cost of maintaining the server and the site. Site owners regularly publish cock.li activity transparency reports and this is probably one of the reasons dark web users appreciate the service.Link:  http://rurcblzhmdk22kttfkel2zduhyu3r6to7knyc7wiorzrx5gw4c3lftad.onion/
9. Daniel – Email / Chat
The name of the owner of this service is Daniel Winzen, a programmer with knowledge of many programming languages. On his site, you will find several communication and site search services. Daniel’s site provides Email Services, XMPP / Jabber, Chat, Free Hosting, Guides, and more. All services are provided for free, and this is a very popular service among dark web users.Link:  http://danielas3rtn54uwmofdo3x2bsdifr47huasnmbgqzfrec5ubupvtpid.onion/mail/
 
 
BLOGS , FORUMS ,CHATS
Forums. This list contains forums, imageboards, and other platforms for discussion on the darkweb including Underdir, Blackhat Chat, 8chan, and Germany in the Deepweb. The forums listed here focus on darkweb markets, drugs, privacy, politics, hacking, addiction, harm prevention, and day-to-day life. Use the links below.
1. UnderDir
UnderDir Directory - Secrets deep web. UnderDir is a directory of onion portals of the deep web and the dark web, it has an extensive list of onion links, this directory exists in the tor community since 2015, and it can be said that it has a long history in the deep web. UnderDir is an elegant directory, with a good design,Link:  http://underdiriled6lvdfgiw4e5urfofuslnz7ewictzf76h4qb73fxbsxad.onion/
2. BlackHat-Chat
Black Hat is an internationally recognized cybersecurity event series providing the most technical and relevant information security research. Grown from a single annual conference to the most respected information security event series internationally,Link:  http://blkhatjxlrvc5aevqzz5t6kxldayog6jlx5h7glnu44euzongl4fh5ad.onion/
3. Kiwi IRC
A hand-crafted IRC client that you can enjoy. Designed to be used easily and freely.
Peek at the Kiwi IRC homepage for more information or to find out how to embed it on your own website. Looking for source code? Try the GitHub page. This network of people may not be associated with Kiwi IRC itself.
Link:  http://wbi67emmdx6i6rcr6nnk3hco3nrvdc2juxrbvomvt6nze5afjz6pgtad.onion/
4. Rutor
RuTOR is a forum marketplace just like many other forum marketplaces available on the darknet. The forum is specialized for the Russian speaking regions of the world. The general concept of the darknet forum RuTOR, can be compared in many ways to the other forum marketplace named RAMP or the Russian Anonymous Marketplace. But the design of the RuTOR is far better than that of the RAMP marketplace that makes the website of the former more professional.Link:  http://rutordeepkpafpudl22pbbhzm4llbgncunvgcc66kax55sc4mp4kxcid.onion/
5. SuprBay
The Pirate Bay (TPB), one of the most infamous site for torrents, has switched to a new v3 onion domain on the Dark Web. The only official backup address for TPB is its .onion domain, which it has had for years.Link:  http://suprbaydvdcaynfo4dgdzgxb4zuso7rftlil5yg5kqjefnw4wq4ulcad.onion/
6.Deutschland im Deep Web Forum
Deutschland im Deep Web is a German darkweb forum and the successor of the original DiDW developed and run by luckyspax a German darknet icon who led his forum for about six years. Its main focus lies on free speechLink:  http://germany2igel45jbmjdipfbzdswjcpjqzqozxt4l33452kzrrda2rbid.onion/
7. AbleOnion
Ableonion is a fun chat room that allows chatting privately with strangers or join group chats. You don’t need to sign up with the site – just set a username and start communicating. You can use the “/ignore” command to mute the users, whose messages you don’t want to see. The crowd on this site is mostly friendly.Link:  http://notbumpz34bgbz4yfdigxvd6vzwtxc3zpt5imukgl6bvip2nikdmdaad.onion/
8. pfpmd Chat
This is, perhaps, one of the simplest chat rooms on the deep web. There’s no need to register with it or fill out any forms – just load the website and start typing and sending your messages. However, you should note that although there are English speakers in this chat room, most of the users seem to be Russian. It allows posting third-party images but you can disable this feature if you want to. It’s not the most effective chat room out there, but it’s seemingly legal in every sense. Also, you can reply to each thread individually.Link:  http://pfpmd7dd5ijt4add2sfi4djsaij4u3ebvnwvyvuj6aeipe2f5llptkid.onion/
9. JitJat
According to JitJat itself, it is meant for anonymous instant messaging, as its tagline goes. And it’s true. You will have to register with the site but it’s free and instant. It doesn’t store any logs. There is, however, a two-week retention period, after which they are permanently deleted. JitJat features account-based chats but doesn’t have any group chats. You just have to enter the user you want to chat with and send a message to them directly. You can add friends to your account and simply chat with them as you will.Link:  http://jitjatj3qbb42jvik4udcehxpkoidppz3gojslh7jcatuo4hx4xwayid.onion/login.php
10. CGI IRC
The CGI IRC chat room doesn’t require you to register. Introducing a nickname and clicking the “Continue” button to proceed to the chat room. It’s not quite active with about 10 users online at any given time. It features a basic interface with simple group chat rooms without private chatting. However, it has various chat channels.Link:  http://34vnln24rlakgbk6gpityvljieayyw7q4bhdbbgs6zp2v5nbh345zgad.onion/
 
Open Source Software
1. OnionShare
OnionShare is an open source tool that lets you securely and anonymously share files, host websites, and chat with friends using the Tor network.
Link: http://lldan5gahapx5k7iafb3s4ikijc4ni7gx5iywdflkba5y2ezyg6sjgyd.onion/
2. Whonix
Whonix ™ is software designed to preserve privacy and anonymity by helping users run applications anonymously. Whonix ™ can be installed on Windows, macOS and Linux. Whonix ™ also comes pre-installed in Qubes (Qubes-Whonix ™).
Link: http://www.dds6qkxpwdeubwucdiaord2xgbbeyds25rbsgr73tbfpqpt4a6vjwsyd.onion/
3. Qubes OS
Qubes OS is a free and open-source, security-oriented operating system for single-user desktop computing. Qubes OS leverages Xen-based virtualization to allow for the creation and management of isolated compartments called qubes.
Link: http://www.qubesosfasa4zl44o4tws22di6kepyzfeqv3tg4e3ztknltfxqrymdad.onion/
4. Keybase
End-to-end encryption for things that matter.Keybase is secure messaging and file-sharing. A place for work (or not)We use public key cryptography to ensure your messages stay private. Even we can’t read your chats.
Link: http://keybase5wmilwokqirssclfnsqrjdsi7jdir5wy7y7iu3tanwmtp6oid.onion/
5. Bitcoin Core
Bitcoin Core is an open source project which maintains and releases Bitcoin client software called “Bitcoin Core”.It is a direct descendant of the original Bitcoin software client released by Satoshi Nakamoto after he published the famous Bitcoin whitepaper.
Link: http://6hasakffvppilxgehrswmffqurlcjjjhd76jgvaqmsg6ul25s7t3rzyd.onion
6. Wasabi Wallet
Wasabi is an open-source, non-custodial, privacy-focused Bitcoin wallet for Desktop, that implements trustless CoinJoin.
Link: http://wasabiukrxmkdgve5kynjztuovbg43uxcbcxn6y2okcrsg7gb6jdmbad.onion/
7. Tor Browser
Tor Browser isolates each website you visit so third-party trackers and ads can't follow you. Any cookies automatically clear when you're done browsing. So will your browsing history.
Link: http://2gzyxa5ihm7nsggfxnu52rck2vv4rvmdlkiu3zzui5du4xyclen53wid.onion/
 
 
Privacy Service
1. Snopyta
Snopyta runs online services based on freedom, privacy and decentralization.
Link: http://cct5wy6mzgmft24xzw6zeaf55aaqmo6324gjlsghdhbiw5gdaaf4pkad.onion/
2. RiseUp
Riseup provides online communication tools for people and groups working on liberatory social change. We are a project to create democratic alternatives and practice self-determination by controlling our own secure means of communications.
Link: http://vww6ybal4bd7szmgncyruucpgfkqahzddi37ktceo3ah7ngmcopnpyyd.onion/
3. SystemLi
Systemli.org is a left-wing network and technics-collective that was founded in 2003. Our aim is to provide safe and trustworthy communication services. The project is primarily aimed at left-wing political activists and people who have a particular need to protect their data
Link: http://7sk2kov2xwx6cbc32phynrifegg6pklmzs7luwcggtzrnlsolxxuyfyd.onion/en/about-us/
4. CryptoStorm
The VPN service provider for the truly paranoid , No logsOur VPN servers never save data that can be used to identify a customer.
Link: http://stormwayszuh4juycoy4kwoww5gvcu2c4tdtpkup667pdwe4qenzwayd.onion/
5. Privacy Tools
You are being watched. Private and state-sponsored organizations are monitoring and recording your online activities. PrivacyTools provides services, tools and knowledge to protect your privacy against global mass surveillance.
Link: http://privacy2zbidut4m4jyj3ksdqidzkw3uoip2vhvhbvwxbqux5xy5obyd.onion/
6. Titan-XMPP
Private, Anonymous & Bulletproof XMPP/Jabber ServiceOur service protects your communications from hacking and surveillance by providing you with an unmatched mix of anonimity, privacy-respecting encryption and blazing-fast speeds, ensuring a safer & hassle-free experience to do business and socialize
Link: http://titanxsu7bfd7vlyyffilprauwngr4acbnz27ulfhyxrqutu7atyptad.onion/
 
 
 
 
 





























		Sorry, this website uses features that your browser doesn’t support. Upgrade to a newer version of Firefox, Chrome, Safari, or Edge and you’ll be all set.
