


































Visit the new DW website






Take a look at the beta version of dw.com. We're not done yet! Your opinion can help us make it better.


Go to the new dw.com







We use cookies to improve our service for you. You can find more information in our data protection declaration.


More info
OK





Inhalt
Navigation
Weitere Inhalte
Metanavigation
Suche
Choose from 30 Languages










Albanian Shqip


Amharic አማርኛ


Arabic العربية


Bengali বাংলা


Bosnian B/H/S


Bulgarian Български



Chinese (Simplified) 简



Chinese (Traditional) 繁




Croatian Hrvatski


Dari دری


English English


French Français


German Deutsch


Greek Ελληνικά


Hausa Hausa


Hindi हिन्दी




Indonesian Indonesia


Kiswahili Kiswahili


Macedonian Македонски


Pashto پښتو


Persian فارسی


Polish Polski


Portuguese Português para África


Portuguese Português do Brasil




Romanian Română


Russian Русский


Serbian Српски/Srpski


Spanish Español


Turkish Türkçe


Ukrainian Українська


Urdu اردو












Wrong language? Change it here

DW.COM has chosen English as your language setting.








DW.COM in 30 languages

DW AKADEMIE

DW.COM









Deutsche Welle



















Who we are




Figures


Diversity


Organization






Press




Contact


Our Experts






GMF




Global Media Forum 2020


Global Media Forum 2021


Global Media Forum 2022






Business & Sales




DW Transtel


Contact






Advertising








Travel




Contact







Global Media Forum 2020
Global Media Forum 2021
Global Media Forum 2022





GMF

/

Global Media Forum 2020























Global Media Forum 2020: Pluralism. Populism. Journalism.

As the DW Global Media Forum goes digital, we are offering various digital sessions on the topic of "Pluralism. Populism. Journalism." Here is a comprehensive list of the sessions. 
Go to article
  

























GMF digital session: Solving the media funding puzzle

In a rapidly changing digital world, media companies are facing unprecedented challenges. In a bid to secure funding in an unpredictable environment, some are exploring innovative solutions to sustain them in the future. 
Go to article
 





















GMF digital session: Tierra de Resistentes















Politics and media: Partners, strangers, enemies















Media and Information Literacy in the age of coronavirus















GMF digital session: The power of influencers















Battling disinformation in the public sphere















German media sorely lacking diversity and inclusion















Will digitalization save local journalism?















The internet: Danger or boon for autocrats?















The role of the media in COVID-19 reporting




































Watch video
02:57






GMF compact: Hate speech online and violence offline

Everyone's talking about hate speech online like it is merely a novel concept or a cyber-age idea. How does hate speech materialize in real life - and what can you do to fight it? This is GMF compact.

 




















Watch video
02:40






GMF compact: How 'social' is social media during a pandemic?

In the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic, we've all become reliant on digital technology. But are social media platforms actually satisfying our need for connection - or rather, are they harming us?
 




















Watch video
02:49






GMF compact: Black Lives Matter, but why do statues?

What is the actual link between the Black Lives Matter movement and statues being torn down around the world? We trace the history of the trans-Atlantic slave trade in search for answers today.
 





















Watch video
03:29






 GMF compact: Spy games and trade wars - is China really stealing your data?

Is China using cutting-edge technology to spy on you - or are there other motivations behind the ongoing political drama involving Chinese companies like Huawei and TikTok?

 





















Watch video
02:58






GMF compact: populist parties attract disproportionate attention on social media

Why is it that populists seem to be leading online communication spheres? What methods do they employ? Let’s check it out in this episode of GMF compact.
 





















Watch video
02:16






GMF compact: debunking conspiracies about 5G and COVID-19

Some people believe that 5G mobile technology could somehow be linked to COVID-19. Our video explains why there"s no link between this landmark in telecommunication and the coronavirus.
 





















Watch video
03:05






GMF compact: Rumors about Bill Gates, COVID-19

Could one single person be the "mastermind" behind COVID-19? Some people blame Bill Gates for the spread of the coronavirus. We explain why these conspiracy narratives are wrong.
 





More videos











GMF compact: Hate speech online and violence offline








GMF compact: How 'social' is social media during a pandemic?








GMF compact: Black Lives Matter, but why do statues?








 GMF compact: Spy games and trade wars - is China really stealing your data?








GMF compact: populist parties attract disproportionate attention on social media







GMF compact: debunking conspiracies about 5G and COVID-19







GMF compact: Rumors about Bill Gates, COVID-19

































Watch video
09:35






GMF talk: Lord Michael Dobbs navigates with us through fact and fiction

Lord Dobbs knows the minefield of British politics like a seasoned pro with decades of experience. The author explains the relationship between Brexit and populism, and what it means for the media.
 




















Watch video
12:37






GMF talk: science and sensibility with Dr. Andreas Kappes

Why do people fall for conspiracies? Why do some follow their leaders while others don't? Are scientists today's superstars? Dr. Andreas Kappes from CITY University London shares his thoughts.
 




















Watch video
14:38






GMF talk: talking revenue models with Prof. Charlie Beckett

Charlie Beckett, founding director of the Polis think-tank at the London School of Economics (LSE) has both good news and bad news when it comes to future revenue models in journalism.
 




















Watch video
08:59






GMF talk: The age of the influencer - or not? A cheerful chat with Nas Daily

Nas Daily has millions of fans but prefers to be seen as a 'content creator' who tells stories rather than being called an 'influencer.' But can the news media keep up with such follower numbers?
 





















Watch video
06:57






GMF talk: Cas Mudde on the importance of media independence

Author Cas Mudde believes the media can help ease the tension between opposing populism and pluralism - by remaining free and independent.
 





















Watch video
07:11






GMF talk: DW Cybersecurity expert on internet freedom

Millions of people around the world don't have open access to the internet. DW's head of cybersecurity Ingo Mannteufel highlights ways to work around state censorship and national firewalls.
 





















Watch video
18:10






GMF talk: Internet pioneer predicts new era of social media

Internet activist Ethan Zuckerman predicts that social media is about to undergo significant changes, heralding a new age in which such platforms can actually support pluralism and democracy.
 





More videos











GMF talk: Lord Michael Dobbs navigates with us through fact and fiction








GMF talk: science and sensibility with Dr. Andreas Kappes








GMF talk: talking revenue models with Prof. Charlie Beckett








GMF talk: The age of the influencer - or not? A cheerful chat with Nas Daily







GMF talk: Cas Mudde on the importance of media independence







GMF talk: DW Cybersecurity expert on internet freedom







GMF talk: Internet pioneer predicts new era of social media




































Watch video
06:29






Armin Laschet's keynote on diversity in the media

Armin Laschet, the premier of North Rhine-Westphalia, held a keynote during DW's GMF digital session on diversity, saying: "German journalism does not even come close to depicting social realities."
 






























Watch video
06:25






Michelle Müntefering holds a keynote ahead of the final digital session of 2020
Michelle Müntefering, Minister of State for International Cultural Policy at Germany's Federal Foreign Office, held a keynote ahead of our final digital session on the crucial role of trustworthy and fact-based journalism amid the COVID-19 pandemic.
 


















Constructive journalism: Why and how journalists want to change the rules

Are you sick of hearing bad news? Well here's some good news: More and more journalists are turning to constructive reporting – an approach that aims to restore balance by looking at solutions as well as problems.
 















Alain Bieber: The Internet as the artist's digital workplace

The internet should be a basic right, according to the artistic director of NRW Forum, Alain Bieber. Young artists in particular work on digital platforms, where they use images and memes in their work.
 















What you need to know about funding a digital media startup

So you have a great idea for a media startup? How do you plan to fund it? Here's a guide to the dos and don'ts of revenue streams, with useful tips from DW Akademie's Handbook for Digital Media Entrepreneurs.
 















From street protests to digital strikes: What's next for Fridays for Future?

COVID has changed protest movements worldwide. Fridays for Future, which used to take place on the streets, is now happening mostly on digital platforms – presenting opportunities as well as challenges for activists.
 

















Kenza Ait Si Abbou Lyadini: How to use AI properly

Engineer, author and robotics expert Kenza Ait Si Abbou Lyadini spoke to DW about ethics and algorithms in AI. She says that there are big challenges lying ahead in informing the public about potentials and risks of AI.
 















Carsten Fiedler: Quality comes first — especially online

Distributing content on digital platforms helps news organizations understand the needs of their audiences, says the editor-in-chief of the Kölner Stadt-Anzeiger. And he rules out eschewing investigations for click-bait.
 















Steffen Seibert: 'When free press is stifled, society is robbed of truth'

Steffen Seibert is Germany's federal government spokesman. He talked with DW about the responsibilities of that job, the role of the free press in democracies, good journalism and the challenges or the COVID pandemic.
 















Julian Jaursch: 'Lack of digital transparency puts free elections in danger'

Scientist Julian Jaursch calls for governments to invest more in promoting the digital news literacy of their citizens. He shares his doubts on microtargeting in campaigns and highlights the dangers of "dark ads.”
 

















Empowering young people - and adults - to tell fake news from facts

Children who are taught media literacy in the classroom develop better resistance to misinformation online. Sharing tips via Instagram or Twitter could prove to be just as effective - and adults could also benefit.
 















How the long arm of the foreign media extends into the Balkans

As Russia and others continue ramping up their influence in the Western Balkans, the goal of EU membership is becoming more distant than ever. What should Europe be doing to prevent the death of democracy in the region?
 















Why Australian TV news fails to reflect nation's diversity

Australia is a country of huge diversity, but nearly all its TV news journalists are white. A new report has shown that Australia lags behind other countries in representation of diversity in the news media.
 















Index's deputy editor-in-chief: History can go backwards, even in the EU

Veronika Munk, deputy editor-in-chief of Hungary’s largest news site Index.hu, discusses the difficulties that journalists have recently had to go through, and assess the overall state of the country's media landscape.  

















Johannes Hillje: 'Press freedom does not mean freedom to spread lies'

Political strategist Johannes Hillje criticises the lack of a common European public sphere — especially in the media landscape. Hillje believes that the EU will sorely lose out without a united European front.
 















Navigating worlds: Isabel Schayani's journey in diversity

From Teheran to Cologne to New York and back: Isabel Schayani's career inspires many young journalists in Germany. Many consider her a role model - especially those who also have a diverse background.
 















Digitization without monetization: between a rock and a hard place

Ntibinyane Ntibinyane says that African local news outlets need innovation — and money. The founder of the INK Centre for Investigative Journalism highlights that journalism in Africa is facing increasing threats.
 















Amitabh Sinha: the future of news is digital - and dangerous

Amitabh Sinha, editor at The Indian Express in Pune speaks to DW on how his local news outlet dealt with the corona-crisis, and how journalists gained respect during the pandemic through digitization.
 

















Twitter and QAnon: when should freedom of speech be free?

Twitter has blocked thousands of QAnon accounts. But is that not a ban on free speech? Matthias Kettemann from the Leibniz Institute for media research discusses the complex domain of rights and freedoms online.
 















WHCA president: 'Journalism is widely appreciated right now'

In 2017, the White House Correspondents' Association received the DW Freedom of Speech Award. Current WHCA president Jonathan Karl tells DW how the latest developments in the US affect journalists.
 















Press freedom in Tajikistan: Going from bad to worse

Journalist and Tajikistan expert Marat Mamadshoev explains why there is an effective media blackout on COVID19 reporting in the country. The Central Asian nation has for years been at the bottom of press freedom indexes.
 















Johanna Reich: defending freedom of expression with digital media

Johanna Reich spoke to DW about the influence of the digital world on our values, highlighting opportunities for pluralism to unfold online. The media artist believes in reflecting contemporary ideas through her work.
 

















Opinion: 'There's a growing dictatorship of disinformation in Nigeria'

The coronavirus lockdown in Nigeria has let the genie out of the bottle, writer Richard Ali told DW. He thinks the rise in ethnic populism has to be confronted by journalists and artists alike.
 















Rajdeep Sardesai: 'Corona has reminded us what news is supposed to be'

"Journalists should do fact-checking, and question their leaders," says Indian journalist Sardesai. "Rather than getting caught up in debates, we should ask: are you right or wrong?"
 















Julius von Bismarck: The threat level for artists and journalists is the same
The Berlin-based artist and master student of Olafur Eliasson talks about politics, provocation in art and the rights of artists and journalists. He says he is concerned about the rise of populism.
 















Threatened, maligned, jailed: Journalism in the coronavirus pandemic

Populism, political power grabs and financial trouble: Christian Mihr of Reporters Without Borders tells DW that journalists around the world face growing threats in the age of COVID-19.
 


























































 









TOP STORIES

Coronavirus
World
Germany
Business
Science
Environment
Culture
Sports
 
A - Z Index


MEDIA CENTER

Live TV
All media content
Latest Programs
Podcasts


TV

Schedule and Reception
TV Programs
 
RADIO



LEARN GERMAN

German Courses
German XXL
Community D
Teaching German


ABOUT DW

Who we are
Press
GMF
Business & Sales
Advertising
Travel


SERVICE

Reception
Apps & Co.
Newsletters & Co.
FAQ
Contact
 
DW AKADEMIE

About us
Media Development
Master's Degree
Traineeship
Training


© 2022 Deutsche Welle |
Privacy Policy |
Accessibility Statement |
Legal notice |
Contact
| Mobile version
