





			TorScrow




				Home
				Escrow
				About
				Services
				Why us
				Help


						Faq
						Contact
						Privacy policy























				Never buy or sell on the dark web without using TorScrow
				With TorScrow, you can buy and sell anything anonymously on the deep web without the risk of scam or fraud.






							I'm

								buying
								selling














							for








								USD
								AUD
								EUR
								GBP
								CHF
								CAD





					Start Escrow













					Absolute protection for darknet transactions





					 Buyer or Seller creates escrow
					  Buyer makes deposit
					  Seller sends the product or service
					  Buyer inspects and approves the escrow
					  TorScrow pays Seller






					We accept any and all payments in Bitcoin











			9304+
			Escrow processed


			2349+
			BTC processed


			3.5%
			Commission


			2234+
			Happy Customers





			Who we are
			About Us
			Providing secure anonymous transactions is our sole and only mission. The deep web is volatile and you can easily lose your money to scammers or receive the wrong product.
			We're leading the march towards reliable and trustworthy escrow services on the deep web.
			With TorScrow and our 3 years of experience, you will make better financial decisions and keep your money away from scammers, cloners and the lot.











				We explain
				Why Choose Us?
				There is no one who loves pain itself, who seeks after it and wants to have it,





					Professional Services
					We're masters at what we do. With over two years experience and 24/7 constant support, you can expect professional, punctual and secure service from us.



					Low Commission
					We offer a low commission rate of 3.5% which is divided between the buyer and seller. The buyer pays 1.75% and the seller pays the other 1.75%



					24/7 Support
					We're at your beck and call 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. If you have questions, issues or disputes, you can always find someone to talk to.



					Safe and Secure
					We're masters at what we do. With over three years experience and 24/7 constant support, you can expect professional, punctual and secure service from us.














				Simple Step
				How It Works
				Just a few simple steps and you're set




					1. Buyer or Seller creates escrow



					2. Buyer makes deposit to esscrow



					3. Seller sends the product or service



					4. Buyer inspects and approves the escrow



					5. TorScrow pays Seller



					Start Escrow







				Services
				Our Services
				Safely buy and sell products and services from $100 to $10 million or more




					Drugs
					You can trade drugs ranging from weed to Cocaine. We collect the barest info for each transaction and no user data is stored.



					Electronics
					Torscrow handles the buying and selling of any computer, phones and all manner of electronic equipment both big and small.



					General Merchandise
					From computer hardware to luxury goods, you can safely and easily buy and sell merchandise all over the world with the protection of TorScrow



					Weapons
					From rounds to pistols to weapons of mass destruction. TorScrow's got you covered. You can buy or sell any weapons anonymously with complete safety.



					Jewelry, Stones, and Fashion
					Buying and selling expensive jewelry online can be difficult, as it is extremely difficult to spot a scam. TorScow ensures money transfer and product delivery with every sale.



					Milestone Transactions
					Paying for a good or service and want money released only at certain stages? Use TorScrow to assure that money is released only when you're happy with each step.








				FAQs
				Frequently Asked Questions
				And Answers



					1. What is Escrow? How does Escrow work?
					An escrow is a financial arrangement where a third party hold and regulates payment of the funds required for two parties involved in a given transaction.


					2. How long does the escrow process take?
					It depends on the delivery time as agreed with the seller. Generally, most escrow purchases can take from 2 days to a week. You can edit or change the timing of delivery.


					3. How does the Escrow secure our funds?
					Our payment procesor will generate a unique address for every payment which then will be handled by our backend servers and will be stored seperately and encrypted with Advanced Encryption Standard (AES). The alogrithm trusted as the standard by the U.S Government and numerous organizations. Although it is extremely efficient in 128-bit form, we also use keys of 192 and 256 bits for heavy duty encryption purposes.


					4. If I have any questions about the product, do I contact the Escrow?
					No, we are a neutral third-party that protects both the buyer and seller to ensure the tranaction is processed. We have no knoweldge about what is actually been sold. In most casses, we have very limited relationship with either party. If the buyer has any questions, they should contact the seller directly.


					5. Do we provide services for all merchandise?
					Yes, we provide support for basically everything except timeshare ownership, real property (real estate) and child pornography.


					6. What forms of payment do we accept?
					We currently accept payments only via BTC (Bitcoin) as it is the only secure mode of transaction in the deep web.


					7. What is Bitcoin (BTC)?
					Bitcoin is a cryptocurrency. It is a decentralized digital currency without a central bank or single administrator that can be sent from person on person on a bitcoin network. There is no need for intermediaries so payments go through directly in a matter of minutes.


					8. How to raise dispute if I don't receive a products?
					If you haven't received your order, you can raise a ticket with us on the ecrow page or email us at torscrow@protonmail.com.


					9. What if the seller is not responding after payment?
					You can contact us after 3 working days if seller is not responding to your queries. We will mediate between you and the seller. Under unavoidable circumstancess, if the seller couldn't fufill the order, we would be happy to refund your money.


					10. How much time will it take for my refund to be processed?
					As your payment is secured with us and will be released to the seller only upon delivery confirmation from you. The refund will be initiated within 24 hours of raising a ticket for non-fulfillment of order.


					11. I am a seller, how do I start with the Escrow?
					It's the same way for a seller, Simply start an escrow as the seller and send the escrow link to the buyer.








				Our code
				Privacy Policy
				No logs


				We do not store any logs (browsing logs, transaction logs, any logs) whatsoever. So there will never be skeletons from the past springing up on you. We delete all Escrow records after a trade is successsful. Also all our BTC addresses are uniquely generated for each escrow transaction.














			TorScrow
			Serving customers since 2019s, TorScrow is Your 24x7 Partner for deep web purchases. Your financial security is our No. 1 Priority and hence, we work 24x7 on it to ensure you have secure hassle-free transactions.


			Useful Links
				Home
				Escrow
				About
				Services
				Why choose us
				Faq
				Privacy


			Contact
			torscrow@protonmail.com


			Never shop directly on Dark Web
			Torscrow is a decentralized escrow service in Dark Web, ask your seller or buyer to use The Escrow, both of you will get benefited.



		Copyright © 2022 TorScrow All Right Reserved.
