






            Toggle navigationPremium Cards



              Home
              Services
              Products
              Prices
              How to buy
              Payment
              Contact
              Feedback







              Welcome
              Premium cards has been on the market since 2012.
              Learn More









                      Share your opinion of us












      












Melissa W
Received the card in a timely manner.works great 1800$ at the atm in 2 days:)



Gamble
I am a dedicated premiumc cards buyer,and am always happy with their
products.



23424432
The one characteristic about this prepaid cards I especially liked was how
amazingly easy it was to use them.Found a ATM machine,hit yes, and was
richer with 600 bucks first day and next day and so on.Got 3 cards this
time and neither failed.



Lori
I buy a cc monthly to myself as a way to obtain some extra cash as I have
big plans. I receive it in under 48 hours. Never had a problem.



CUBEM
Have to admit I was afraid to use one of their cards even though they
stated they are risk free so what I've done is to order one for me sister
for her birthday,designed as a gift card and was very surprised when she
told me she been shopping at the mall with her new card,nobody asked her
anything,no suspricions so I would highly recommend their cards.



LucysMom
Thanks guys, your stuff is always the best, your prices always the
best....I luv your options and your kindness when someone works with you
like you have worked with me you want to keep on coming back and keep on
being a customer. Thanks again for your variety.



Karryl Max
This is one of the best gifts to giive someone who doesn't know how to get
some fast and serious cash. I've gootten them in the past; and love them.
TRY IT! YOU PUT A SMILE ON MY FACE!



SfLove
Hello awesome money for free from other people.
Perfect.



Mark
I love to get their card... It reminds me that I should place an order
every week.at first felt bad using a card from this guys but then I
thought what the heck banks and big fishes steal from regular people all
the time why shouldn't I take advantaje of this oportunity and drive the
car I allways wanted.A big fan of your work which just placed an order for
3 amex cc's.






                     GC&C
We have purchased and used
(probably well over 30) of their cards. We've gotten them directly (for
us and for others).Not once have we had a problem with them. Not sure if
 others have had issues. Even so, their customer service team is
amazing. Even with the most tricky questions about an order, they are
fabulous at what they do. We have not once had an issue with them and
have always been very pleased. We love how easy is their cashing our
guide. Thank you PremiumCards for making our life so easy!


Ammy A. Kitell
I've purchased dozens of
cards. Each and every one of them has been easy, arrived when promised,
and with no issues when taking the money. I've not heard of anyone of my
 friends not getting their cards from premiumcc. I sent one to my Sister
 who didn't realize what it was as I've asked them to make it look like a
 pre-paid card and she loved it.


NeNe
 bought a card just before
my b-day and used it the very same day I got it, lol. I had not one
problem using the card and I used every dime of it. Great gift!


Yourcustomerforlife
I have been an ,,Premium
cards Prime member'' for quite some time (years), and work with them
often. I have had occasion to both use dumps and physical ccs.I have
never had any problems getting the money at AMT'S or online. I have also
 used them for many different types of purchases. I guess no system is
foolproof, but I personally have no complaints with premium cards, or
their customer services.


Carmindy Steppy
Got a Us Visa shipped
overnight to Canada and my jaw dropped when I saw it in my mailbox next
day. Just took 500 CAD from the bancomat(atm) and planning to go this
evening to get more.I really don't know what else to say,just that this
guys definitely have my trust and I can save good money for a new car in
 just a month or so. keep up the good work !


K-linda
I received a visa card via
mail and had no trouble using it on-line. I used the funds for two
separate orders and had no problems.


Varrah
I purchased a AMEX card and
 loved it! I shopped, shopped, shopped, and id I mention...shopped!!
Hope their stock will never thin out!


Lisney M.
Excelente


Sandy
So easy to purchase,i've
recived the cards in my mailbox.I have had problems with cc not working
properly from my old supplier but no problems with this cards so far.


dsadny
A easy way to get some extra $$$ for whatever you need it for,just don't abuse or get sloppy


Elvis9
Fast,Easy,and Convenient!!!


Daniel S
Good deals,i got the 3 ccs
promptly paying for express shipping.Will purchase regularly since i'm
still looking for a job.If you want to make a quick and nice profit,get
in touch with this guys!


maria rubin
It was shocking to recive
the credit cards...looking so genuie...I went to the store and paid for 7
 bucks with the card to see if it works,I was nervous but it
worked,after that I've used it at the ATM and took 800 bucks and then
another 800 for 4 days and I think there's something left still...why
would you wanna work again?Thanks premium cards.


Andrey
All good,but the pin nr was
 wrong,had to e-mail them and they replied in about 2 hours with another
 pin which worked,besides that,all good,maybe will buy again.


Larry wind
Great way to make a living. paid it  and it was delivered immediately. Thanks


Jil zecowschi
Always a good idea,i am to old to keep working for others and i am glad not to manu eople know about wiki cards


Marcus
I must admit I was very
scared to get this. My experience, however, was quite easy and
wonderful! I put in the information and my friend got the card less than
 3 days after I purchased it!


Ismerai B
This is excellent for Venezuelans.  They send the card very fast!!!


Snowlady
This was very easy to get and a great way to make some easy money.
I will use this option again.


utkbeck
The personalized card was a
 great choice. I will definitely use the personalized card again,
choosing your name, the type of card, etc.


navin patel
I have no word to explain how it is help to everyone....for my view there is no alternative of this....
this is most convenient....fast..quick...easy to use at atm machine...I use this money for my family and I use it for me also...


Michigan
I'm laughing because wiki
cards is asking for a review of a card!!! LOL What's not to like about
free money?? It's easy to order and easy to use. It's easy, just like
your average visa card...that's why I will be back for more!!


T.S. Charles
I used their card for the
first time last week and was not dissappointed. Short on money, I
decided to give it a try.Delivered in 2 days. I thought it was great how
 it could be delivered the same day, or a future date, and I could even
personalize the card by including my oname and the bank logo I wanted.
It was great. I fully recommend using this service in the future if you
are short on money or you just want to buy something that excceds your
financial power.


charm
how I order??


Lewis
The card arrived quick and the process was very easy. I would purchase another card and would recommend it to others as well.


COMMERCE
i have been discussing
about becomming their guy,like bringing them customers,i have a lot of
buddies looking for free payday,so myself and a couple of them ordered 1
 card,honestly i didnt wanted to risk 150 hihihi ,now im happy to say
we've got the card and each of us after the cut,got 1100 usd.i ordered
again today btw.


tglenn
This is a card, why do I write a review of it? I received it on time... I am glad it worked the way it was supposed to...


Amorim
Easy to buy, perfect when you need some money. It goes to your MAILBOX.


JRinKaty
Great cards. People always
like to receive cards loaded with $. They can buy whatever they like
whenever they want it. Very convenient.


sdgdffas
transfered btc,sent address
 where they should deliver,was scared have to admit but what kept me
going is the fact that they didn't ignore me after btc was transfered to
 their wallet,they still updated me and got back to me on my
questions,totally use wiki cards ,i hope me and them will also make a
team because i have peple VERY interested in what they offer


Melody Cox
This is an exceptional
choice for those who are looking for a card seller. I appreciate the
ease in purchasing this item and the many options it gave me.


luv2buy
I ordered some cards from
them 2 had over 2500 usda one had almost $4000 . They were delivered in
my mailbox within 2 days as stated in their description! These are a big
 hit with me and I will definitely be making another purchase in the
near future.


Kuttab
 used the cards online and
made holiday shopping very easy. Using the credit in place of my money
was very helpful when on a tight budget


timfishr
Got 5 cc delivered to me in
 the afternoon today,they said they had some issues and delayed me with 1
 day,but fuck me,cards work perfectly,I've ordered custom from them,with
 my name and shit hehe,now I just think about the cards as my own in my
pocket,safe to use even in coffe shops or electronics shops as they look
 genuine.I appreciate you work and I will be buying more,hope to
withdraw at least 15-20 k from this 5.


Astrea M.
very easy and fast. whole operation was quickly and easily. I invite everyone to buy these cards. Merry Christmas to everyone



Megan Cabral
Wasn't sure if to get it or
 not. The card checkout process was very easy . The recipient received
the card in 2 days and was able to withdraw the first 1k with no
problems. This was a win win for both myself and the seller. I would
highly recommend if you aren't sure which vendor to pick.


cowboy66
I appreciate very much your new offers, you can make 10k easily. I'm greedy so I'll buy again. Regards.


ortiz.gab
so how i buy? i can take money from bank?


salamguy
OMG,you guys arre amazing,2
 plus 1 card free been delivered and it has been possible to withdraw
2380,not bad for first time,not at all,please check your emails guys.Go
team.














              Contact





              Email:Premiumcards@privatemail.com












              © 2012-2021 premium cards, All Rights Reserved
