

            Skip to the content

























                    Toggle navigation











            Services

	Email Hacking
	ATM Hacks
	Bank Transfer
	Hacking Courses
	Icloud Unlocking
	PayPal Transfer
	WU Transfer


About Us
Frequent Questions
Contact us












				Home »  Frequent Questions




							Frequent Questions








On this page you’ll find a series of frequently asked questions that our clients routinely ask us. We suggest that you read them because even if you have no doubts, it is always interesting to know and understand more. In case you don’t find the answer you are looking for, remember that you can always contact us and ask whatever you want.
















									How much do your services cost?





							We offer a wide range of different hacking services. All of them have specific conditions and prices. Therefore, our price will depend on the specific service you want. To know the price, the first thing you should do is go to our Hacking Services page. There, you'll see a list with all the services we offer. Search for the one in which you are interested and click on the button that says More information and you'll be redirected to the service page where the Service Agreement will be explained. In that page, you'll be told, among other things, what the price is.















									Do you only accept Bitcoin?





							Yes, we only accept

Bitcoin as a payment method. We know and understand that many people have never used or even heard about it. For this reason, we've written a guide where we explain step by step how to use and pay with bitcoin. You don't need to have any special skills to use bitcoin. Anybody can do it. All you have to do is read our guide and follow our instructions, and you'll have no problem paying for our services with bitcoin.

To read our guide just click on the following link:

Bitcoin Guide

Bitcoin is the best way to pay because it is anonymous (a bitcoin wallet is not subject to any name or ID), the transfer costs are practically zero, the money arrives almost immediately and is available all over the world.

Bitcoin is a virtual currency. You will first have to create a bitcoin wallet and buy bitcoins for the value of the service that you want to hire. To make the purchase of bitcoins, you can use the payment method you want, for example:

Credit or Debit Card
Local Bank Transfer
Cash Deposit
Western Union or MoneyGram

    If you live in a big city, maybe there are Bitcoin ATMs.

In addition, in many countries it is also possible to buy with local payment methods such as:

    Europe: SEPA Transfers
    USA: CashApp
    Canada: Interac e-Transfer®
    UK: RBS/Natwest PYC, Barclays Pingit, Paym
    India: IMPS Transfer
    Australia: PayID
    Among many other local options in many different countries...

No matter what country you are from, no matter how old you are, no matter where you are, there will always be some way to buy and pay with bitcoin and, if you need help, you'll always have our support 24/7.















									Do I pay after or before?





							We'll always give you both options, and you can, at your own discretion, choose one or the other.

Normally, if you pay upfront, you'll get a discount on the price of our service. This is an option normally taken by people who have previously placed orders with us and who already know and trust us. New customers, who are requesting a service for the first time and who don't yet know us, often feel a certain fear and choose the option of receiving a proof before payment until they gain confidence.

In any case, this is up to you. There are no rules or obligations. If you want to pay in advance, you can. If you want to receive a proof before paying, you can also request it.
















									Are your services private?





							 Yes, our services are totally and absolutely private. We don't store any type of information that may be related to people who visit our website or to customers who request a service. In addition, as soon as an order has been completed, we'll proceed to permanentely erase all the conversation held with the customer by email as well as any kind of information that we could have previously stored for the service execution.

For more information, please read: Privacy & Cookies.















									What are my guarantees?





							If you feel a certain fear and would like to have some guarantee that the service will actually be executed, don't worry, this is normal for people who hire a hacker from our team for the first time.

Fortunately for you, at Duckers we offer the possibility of receiving a proof before paying. In this way, you can eliminate your fears and pay with confidence and certainty.

For more information, please read: Proof before payment.
















									May I resell your services?





							 Yes, you can. But you must understand that your personal businesses are not our problem nor do we care. For us, the person who comes into contact with us and who places an order for a hacking service is our client, and therefore, is the person responsible for complying with us. If you want to hire us on behalf of someone else or resell our services to someone else, that is your problem, you can do whatever you want, but if your own client refuses to pay, defaults or generates problems with something, that is going to be a problem that you have to solve with your own client. If you place an order with us, you'll be responsible to us.















									How do I contact you?





							Currently, the only way for contacting us is by

email.

Please don't ask us to speak on the Phone, WhatsApp, or Facebook. All those types of communications are insecure, informal and also disorderly. We have many clients. Hundreds of people contact us daily. We can't speak to you on the phone, nor can we communicate through informal or insecure means. It is best to speak by email. Our email is encrypted and secured by ourselves and nobody will be able to access or read anything, besides we can take better control and order of all the people who contact us and the conversation we have with them. Therefore: email only, and please don't insist on speaking in other ways.

Our email address is: repellomuggletum@protonmail.com















									What are your working times?





							We work 365 days a year, 7 days a week, 24 hours a day. We never have vacations, we never rest. You can contact us whenever you like, any day and at any time, and rest assured that we'll reply as soon as possible.















									Where are you from?





							Duckers is originally from Colombia, however, today our group is made up of people from many different countries, so we like to say we're an international group and that we don't have a single and fixed location. Thanks to our diversity, today we can offer our services in 3 languages: English, Spanish and Portuguese. This has helped us reach the whole world.















									I can't find what I look for






We have a wide variety of different services, which you can find here: Hacking Services. However, if you're looking for a different service, which isn't among the ones we have available in our list, then we can carry out a service tailored to your needs.

To do this, we invite you to read the information about our Tailored Service. In this way, you will tell us what you want and, if we can do it, we will reply with a quote and detailed information about conditions and procedure to follow.



























			Proudly powered by WordPress			 |
			Theme: MaxStore by Themes4WP
