


    Bookmark this Link: http://6bcdmi7ncvhjuivqbininrhqmjbw526v2anpgzibvkaugsx4v6pgppqd.onion



            Buy Real Money
                The Smartest Moneyon the Deep Web!

                The Way
                Reviews
                FAQ
                BUY CHF
                Buy USD
                Buy EUR
                Buy GBP
                Bitcoin Guide





        The Way it Works
            WARNING:
            Beware of Clones. We are the only real cash sellers – Save the link >http://6bcdmi7ncvhjuivqbininrhqmjbw526v2anpgzibvkaugsx4v6pgppqd.onion<
            Used Cash Is Shredded:

                In 2015 1% of 425.993.145 Notes of CHF (Swiss Franc) was destroyed by
                the SNB (Swiss National Bank). This estimates 722 million CHF. If a bill
                has holes totaling more than 19 square millimeters, about the size of
                an aspirin, it’s unfit. Dirty and worn out bills are also sorted out
                with sensors. Tens, twenties and fifty-CHF bills printed before 1996 are
                automatically pulled from circulation, simply because of their age.
            We Acquire Cash before Its Shredded:
            The >Buy Real Money< team has >access< to an almost limitless supply of cash that is marked
                for disposal.
            We Have a Problem:
            We
                are only able to siphon small amounts of cash at a time to avoid
                detection. This is mainly because large amounts of cash are difficult to
                >withdraw< and move discretely due to scheduling, weight, size
                and concealability issues. We would rather >withdraw< several
                hundred million and disappear forever but that isn’t possible. So our
                team decided to siphon cash away slowly and stockpile it in bitcoins
                over many years.
            We Cant Spend It:
            Due to our location and
                >access< we would be caught quickly if we spent large amount of
                pre-shred cash. We want to maintain access therefore we do not risk
                spending it ourselves except in small amounts.
            We Need Help:
            We
                want to maintain access to our cash source and don’t want to get caught
                so we offer Cash in exchange for Bitcoins. We mail this cash to
                whatever address you wish in exchange for your bitcoins. We do not
                accept any other form of payment.
            No Risk for You:
            There
                is absolutely no risk for those that purchase bills from us. No one
                knows we have them and no one knows their serial numbers. For both of
                our protection we don’t keep any records whatsoever. Furthermore buying
                cash is not illegal.
            We use anonymous bitcoin bribes and
                the fucking threat of violence to procure this cash. We don’t fucking
                care if you need more fucking cash for grandma’s nursing home. WE DON’T
                WANT MORAL FUCKERS EMAILING US. Please don’t order our product if that’s
                you.
            Email us to Buy: buyrealmoneyes@main2tor.com

Money the Smart and Safe Way
    Stay away from counterfeit methods that will send you to jail.

        NO PayPal Digital Trail
        NO Bank Transfer Fraud
        NO ATM Camera Recording
        NO Distracting the Cashier
        Proven to be 100% safe
        Happy Customers over 3.000 + Reviews
        Deposit it in vending machines, bank accounts or ATM’s with complete safety.

    Change your Life NOW!!!

        Click here to BUY CHF NOW!
        Click here to Buy USD NOW!
        Click here to Buy EUR NOW!
        Click here to Buy GBP NOW!

    Let People Speak for Us:


        Fuck earning money. Buy from these guys. Safe and legit I've been buying for
            months.
        - White000


        I
            did time in prison for credit card fraud. You cannot go to jail for
            this. This is the best place on the dark net to make cash WITHOUT ANY
            RISK Stop looking, this is it!
        - Klyde
    View more reviews or put yours by clicking
        here!
    Shipping Times
    Timezones:GBP Ships in BSTEUR ships in CESTCHF ships in CESTUSD Ships in ESTAll
        packages ship by 2pm in their respective time zone. Orders ship within 24 hours of payment verification.

    Inventory Levels:

        CHF: High
        USD: Medium
        EUR: High
        GBP: Low

    Recent Comments

        Let's change my life. on Reviews
        El Macho on Reviews
        buer on Reviews
        martha on Reviews
        xiondor on Reviews


UP



            The Way
            Reviews
            FAQ
            BUY CHF
            Buy USD
            Buy EUR
            Buy GBP
            Bitcoin Guide


    buyrealmoneyes@main2tor.com
    make
        money,buy money,get rich,counterfeits,buy dollar,buy usd,buy euro,buy
        gbp,buy eur,how to get rich,easy money,smart money,buy
        counterfeits,exchange bitcoin to money,how to make cash,buy dollars,buy
        cash,euro,francs,dollars,pounds,gbp,eur,usd,chf,rich,money,cash,how to
        get rich fast,how to make money fast,making money,making cash,instant
        money,shipping money,shipping cash,how to make dollars,how to make
        euros,make money,buy money,get rich,counterfeits,buy dollar,buy usd,buy
        euro,buy gbp,buy eur,how to get rich,easy money,smart money,buy
        counterfeits,exchange bitcoin to money,how to make cash,buy dollars,buy
        cash,euro,francs,dollars,pounds,gbp,eur,usd,chf,rich,money,cash,how to
        get rich fast,how to make money fast,making money,making cash,instant
        money,shipping money,shipping cash,how to make dollars,how to make
        euros,make money,buy money,get rich,counterfeits,buy dollar,buy usd,buy
        euro,buy gbp,buy eur,how to get rich,easy money,smart money,buy
        counterfeits,exchange bitcoin to money,how to make cash,buy dollars,buy
        cash,euro,francs,dollars,pounds,gbp,eur,usd,chf,rich,money,cash,how to
        get rich fast,how to make money fast,making money,making cash,instant
        money,shipping money,shipping cash,how to make dollars,how to make
        euros,make money,buy money,get rich,counterfeits,buy dollar,buy usd,buy
        euro,buy gbp,buy eur,how to get rich,easy money,smart money,buy
        counterfeits,exchange bitcoin to money,how to make cash,buy dollars,buy
        cash,euro,francs,dollars,pounds,gbp,eur,usd,chf,rich,money,cash,how to
        get rich fast,how to make money fast,making money,making cash,instant
        money,shipping money,shipping cash,how to make dollars,how to make
        euros,money make,money get,money buy,money steal,money order,money,euro
        make,euro get,euro buy,euro steal,euro order,euro,dollars make,dollars
        get,dollars buy,dollars steal,dollars order,dollars,francs make,francs
        get,francs buy,francs steal,francs order,francs,punds make,punds
        get,punds buy,punds steal,punds order,punds,eur make,eur get,eur buy,eur
        steal,eur order,eur,usd make,usd get,usd buy,usd steal,usd
        order,usd,gpd make,gpd get,gpd buy,gpd steal,gpd order,gpd,chf make,chf
        get,chf buy,chf steal,chf order,chf,

    Please enable JavaScript
