
















                    Home
                    Product
                    Price
                    Shipping
                    FAQ
                    Contact

























                        REAL SELLER CARDS | WESTERN UNION | PAYPAL


                            This is a prepaid debit card, every card comes with a 4 digit pin &
                            it is safe to use everywhere in the world that accepts master card &
                            visa & american express. These cards can be used
                            to shop in stores and you can use them to cashout in ATMs worldwide.

                         All transactions pass through the Onion escrow TrustBTC. This is how normal credit card processing works.






                                 




                            Price is $100 per card, guaranteed to have $3500 left on CC limit.



                            Our success rate is 99%, but we will refund you in full or ship another card/s in case of failure.



                            We were active on the old Nucleus and Evolution marketplace Untill it
                            was taken down by the authorities. We had about 4000+ sales and we were
                            still active as top sellers on other market














                    We sell








                            CARDS








                            PAYPAL








                            W-UNION












                    PRICE
                    You won't find these cards cheaper anywhere on Deepnet from reputable vendors and if you do, we will beat that price!










                                    CARDS






                                            1 x $100
                                            VISA 3500$
                                            BUY


                                            1 x $100
                                            Master Card 3500$
                                            BUY


                                            1 x $100
                                            American Express 3500$
                                            BUY




                                When buying more than 10 cards - 20% discount
                                When buying more than 20 cards - 30% discount
                                Click the BUY, time will be 2 hours for payment!














                                    Paypal Account





                                            1 x $100
                                            Personal Account 4000$
                                            BUY


                                            1 x $150
                                            Personal Account 6500$
                                            BUY


                                            1 x $200
                                            Personal Account 8500$
                                            BUY




                                The balance of the Paypal Account can slightly vary. Less will not! You will get account within 2 hr after payment!
                                Click the BUY, time will be 2 hours for payment!












                                    Western Union Transfer Rates





                                            1 x $100
                                            Western Union Transfer 3000$
                                            BUY


                                            1 x $150
                                            2 x Western Union Transfer 3000$
                                            BUY


                                            1 x $200
                                            3 x Western Union Transfer 3000$
                                            BUY




                                MTCN will be ready for pickup within 2 hours or a few days after payment.







                            I've got 5 western union main computers data with the help of a strong
                            botnet, Now i can change the info of a WU mtcn and can redirect any
                            payment on any name. Simply I change the receiver name and country and
                            payment goes to that person to whom i want to send.If anyone want to
                            make big and instant money than contact me for deal.



                            Transferring Western Union all over the world and it takes 1 hour to
                            3hours maximum for generating MTCN . You Will Get MTCN Code With Sender
                            Info + Amount And Then You Can Pick Up Funds From Any Westernunion Store



                            INFO NEEDED FOR WU TRANSFER



                            1: Full name

                            / 2: Cell number (Not Necessary)

                            / 3: City /

                            4: Country /

                            5: Valid email for sending you MTCN info etc












                     SHIPPING
                    We ship worldwide including USA, Canada, Australia, Europe, South America, Asia, Africa, just anywhere.
                    If something bad happens we offer 100% refund if the package doesn't come to you.





                    PRICING
                    1 - Regular mailing, is included in the price and takes 5-7 days to deliver

                    2 - Express shipping, costs $20 extra, delivers in 2 days, comes with a tracking number
                    Add 20$ to the cost of the order

                    3 - Overnight shipping available ( Us & Canada only) for $50 IS SHIPPING SAFE?
                    Add 50$ to the cost of the order

                    We ship Worlwide 100% securely and discretely. Even if the parcel is opened there is nothing to incriminate you.









                    FAQ



                    Why are you selling cards? Why don't you cash out the cards yourselves?
                    We do it. Just not every single one, that would be definitely
                        too risky. As said in the "About" tab, "giving the money away" is just
                        an protection for us by making sure the cards aren't cashing out only in
                        single area by us. It makes it easier for us to cash them out safely.
                        We also can't really cash them all out, the amount of dirty money gone
                        from the ATMs would attract some unwanted attention that could lead to a
                        serious investigation.



                    How can i order cards?
                    Select and pay for. After payment write BlackMarketCard@main2tor.com the transaction number, item and delivery address.




                    What are the card balances?
                    You can see balance of cards in our pricing list quickly!



                    How to pay?
                    The only form of payment we accept is bitcoin, to ensure the highest anonymity of both us and you. This is not negotiable.


                    Can I receive the dumps of the cards digitally?
                    Yes, that is possible. We will encrypt the email and send you
                        the details of the card in there. That way you will save on shipping,
                        yet will not receive the physical card. You will also receive the dumps
                        much faster, in up to 2 hours after we confirm the payment, to be exact.



                    What if I want to cash out in a different currency than USD?
                    The cards' balances will get exchanged automatically basing
                        on the current exchange rates, including a small fee that we can do
                        nothing about. It is not much, so we guarantee it will not hit you hard.



                    How do I get PIN?
                    Every card comes with it's 4 digit PIN written separately on a
                        piece of paper. If you lose it for any reason, you can mail us your
                        order number and we'll send you the PIN via email.



                    How safe are those cards in reality?
                    VISA / Master Card / American Express Prepaid cards are
                        absolutely zero-risk, yet you don't even need to hide your identity that
                        much when using them. It's the best to remain as unsuspicious as it's
                        possible when using them. It's impossible to track you down solely by
                        your look, unless you are a celebrity or something.


                    A direct payment?
                    "You can pay BTC wallet:
                    39ChUxabrNxw1SzwcKEbnu6caytkejaUkx
                    After payment, send the transaction number and shipping address.



                    What is the expiration date of those cards?
                    VISA Prepaid cards should last 2-3 years. Cloned cards last a
                        couple of years, we guarantee you won't run out of time to cash them
                        out.




                        Questions from letters (spoiler)


                            Q: When I buy the Visa, MasterCard or American Express CC, can you
                                possibly just send the info via email instead of a physical card?


                            R: Yes, of course! After payment you will receive the card details by mail. In the letter the card data and instructions.

                        ...

                            Q: What will I get when buying Paypal?

                            R: We sell pure PP accounts with balance sheet. Once you buy Paypal Account from me I will provide you with a Cashout manual.
                            There is no Risk, I will not explain how to cashout until you are my customer.
                            You will have no problem to get the money.


                        ...

                            Q: Can you replenish visa debit card?  Will there be issue if the funds are credited from you?

                            R: Yes, can be replenished. The transfer is sent from legal cards, there will be no questions.

                        ...

                            Q: I would like to buy a product but dont no how star.where I can buy bitcoins and how send yuo?

                            R: You can pay via any currency exchange website online.

                        ...

                            Q: I want to pay for the Western Union transfer, direct transfer to your bitcoin.
                                Through what payment system Would you advise to do it so that you receive a guaranteed payment?


                            R: You can use any well-known cryptocurrency exchanger. You will
                            receive a transfer within 2 hours at any WU office. To receive the
                            transfer, you need an identity document and a code (we will send you an
                            email with a code of 10 digits). After payment, send the transaction
                            number and data for WU transfer (City, first and last name).


                        ...

                            Q: Can I use cards in Africa to cash out ATMs ? YES - what is the
                                minimum amount on the card ? $3500 - If you can use the card at an ATM,
                                what is the maximum you can withdraw in one day? $1500 - what is the
                                time span before I can draw another conclusion ? Day


                            ...

                            Q: Hi, Im interested to buy Visa CC. Is still the limit $3500? How
                                many days to arrive the card in Brazil? After the payment, can you send
                                me all the informations of my card by email?




                            R: The maximum card limit is $9500. Delivery to Brazil 2-3 days.
                            Yes, after payment, we will send the card details in a letter. After
                            payment, send the transaction number and shipping address.

                        ...

                            Q: Please help hook me up with a card don't really have money for purchase, but promise to pay after.


                            R: Card after the payment!

                        ...

                            Q: I am interested in your cards. Please tell me more.


                            R: Prepaid cards work anywhere in the world. The limit for
                            withdrawal at ATMs $ 1500 per day. Regular delivery 3-5 days. Payment on
                            the website or a direct Deposit to the wallet BTK. After payment, send
                            the transaction number and shipping address. No risk!


                        ...

                            Q: I want to buy a lot of cards, what are the prices?


                            R: When buying more than 10 cards - 20% discount

                            When buying more than 20 cards - 30% discount

                        ...

                            Q: I'm interested in buying a Paypal account, and am wondering
                                exactly how long it will take once the transaction is complete. I do
                                have a nice little chunk of bitcoin that I am willing to spend if the
                                first transaction is complete. Just let me know asap,and I can get the
                                transaction started.


                            R: You will receive an account with a balance within 2 hours. After payment, please send transaction number.

                        ...

                            Q: Can you guarantee its not a scam as well because if its legit ill orders cards every week.

                            R: We guarantee delivery! More than 200 people became richer in a month! If you do not get a card, we will refund the money!

                        ...


                            Q: Hello... I came across your webpage and I have some questions regarding the cards:
                                Are these cards prepaid cards or cloned cards? (It really doesn't matter I just need a lot of money ASAP)
                                If I order 20 or 30 is there a risk for being caught?
                                Do you deliver to Guatemala?
                                Which courrier do you use?
                                What would be the total cost of the card (with shipping) to Guatemala?
                                If I order a card, what name will be in the card? My name? Any name I want? A random name?
                                Will the card permit me to take out money from an ATM?
                                Sorry for asking so many questions, I am just nervous and want to be 100% sure.
                                If everything works out with the first cart I will order in a week or so, I will order 10 or 20.... that's why I ask.


                            R: Prepaid cards work anywhere in the world. Random name on the
                            card. Delivery popular courier services. The limit for withdrawal at
                            ATMs $ 1500 per day. Regular delivery 3-5 days. Payment on the website
                            or a direct Deposit to the purse BTK. After payment, send the
                            transaction number and shipping address. When buying 20-30 cards 25%
                            discount. When you withdraw cash from ATMs and online purchases there is
                            no risk!


                        ...

                            Q: How to pay with bitcoins? Where to get them?



                            R: Registration https://spectrocoin.com To buy bitcoins To pay
                            the wallet BTC. Write the transaction number and delivery address to the
                            post office

                        ...

                            Q: That's ok by taking money in western union by using id if I get any problem after this deal in future.. by that ID


                            R: There is no risk, everything is legal!
















                    Well done!You successfully subscribet to our newsletter.








                        Contact Us




                        BlackMarketCard@main2tor.com










            © 2015-2022 Black Market
