












FAQ
Blog
Contact us
Buy in bulk
Images
Place banner
Client cart

Sony Vaio
Refurbished
Alienware Aurora
Alienware x17
Alienware Ryzen
Strix Mid Tower
ROG Zephyrus
ROG Flow
ROG Monitors
ROG phones
ROG Strix
Strix Full Tower
Summer Sales lasting a few months! 20-45% off!Full escrow! ~60 cryptocurrencies accepted!

















ROG Strix GA35
ASUS`s their own description of their models.

Power Up. Do More.

Dominate game worlds and beyond with the powerful ROG Strix GA35. Action-packed gameplay runs fast and fluid on Windows 10 Pro OS and up to an NVIDIA® GeForce RTX™ 3090 graphics card, while up to a 16-core AMD® Ryzen™ 9 5950X CPU accelerates demanding workloads like content creation and heavy multitasking. Tournament-ready performance is bolstered by an easy-carry design with an integrated handle, two hot-swap SSD bays to quickly change drives, and Keystone II technology for easy profile switching at competitions and LANs.

*Vertical graphics card mount is only available with certain configurations.
Please check with local vendors for exact offers.

STEALTH POWER

The dynamic Wind Shear chassis is subtly shaped to enhance airflow while keeping noise levels under 40dB for quieter gameplay and work. A sweeping slash across the front accents widened vents that direct more air into the chassis. Inside, the CPU, graphics card, and power supply sit in separate bays, minimizing thermal interference and lowering ambient temperatures. This airflow-amplifying design speeds up heat dissipation to enable and sustain higher overall performance.

PERFORMANCE

Ready for anything

Powerfully equipped for gaming and multitasking, the GA35 slashes through any task that comes its way. Up to a GeForce RTX™ 3090 graphics card delivers high frame rates for smoother fast-paced action, while up to a Ryzen™ 9 5950X CPU has 16 cores and 32 threads to speed up intensive workloads like streaming, video editing, and 3D rendering. Armed with up to a massive 64GB of DDR4-3200MHz memory, you can produce a high-quality broadcast with multiple video inputs, keep up with stream and team chats, and jump into competitive play all at the same time.


WINDOWS 10 PRO
OS
Up to GeForce
RTX™ 3090
Graphics Card
Up to AMD®
Ryzen™ 9 5950X
CPU
Up to DDR4
3200MHz
Memory Speed


THERMAL

Cutting Edge Cooling

Comprehensive cooling enables the high-level processor performance required for serious gaming and work. The multi-zone chassis keeps the CPU, graphics card, and power supply in separate chambers to minimize thermal interference and lower ambient temperatures. CPU performance is further enhanced by a liquid cooling system that enables higher sustained clock speeds for speedier system performance. Dedicated heatsinks across the PCIe 4.0 SSD slots speed up workflows even more with superfast sustained speeds and reliable data access.
*Vertical graphics card mount is only available with certain configuration. Please check with local vendors for exact offer

Acoustics
Under40dB*
with Multi-chamber
Liquid Cooled CPU
up to 9°C cooler
with Liquid Cooling System
*Tested with Metro Exodus


PERSONALIZATION

Personalize to Perfection

Creating the perfect PC experience demands deep and detailed personalization options. Get fast access to your favorite custom settings with upgraded ROG Keystone II technology. Show off your personal style in brilliant color across a full environment of Aura Sync-compatible devices. Customize Scenario Profiles and access other crucial system settings with the convenience of a single utility in ROG Armoury Crate. With all of the customization features available, you can tailor the GA35 to your exact needs.

Static
Breathing
Strobing
Color Cycle
Rainbow
Starry night
Music
Smart


SYSTEM

Superior System Flexibility

The ROG motherboard was made to work seamlessly with the latest AMD® Ryzen™ CPUs and has a fine-tuned VRM that delivers clean, reliable power to the processor. Dual slots for superfast M.2 PCIe 4.0 storage enables faster system performance, while SupremeFX audio and Aura Sync lighting offer a full-fledged ROG experience. The motherboard’s futuristic design features illuminated accents and slick, cyber-text patterning that looks sharp behind the glass.
Digi + VRM SupremeFXPCIe 4.0 M.2 Slots PCIe 4.0 M.2 Slots

CONNECTIVITY

Get connected

Hook up your favorite devices and get in-game fast. The GA35 features one superfast reversible Type-C™ (USB-C™) port, plus six Type-A USB 3.2 Gen 2 ports that offer ample space for your mouse, keyboard, gamepad, and more. Two HDMI 2.0b ports let you connect a VR headset alongside a high-resolution 4K monitor or TV. Connect additional monitors via DisplayPort 1.4 for even deeper immersion with NVIDIA G-SYNC™, or to keep up with chats and more on separate screens. Wi-Fi 5 provides fast online access for everyday activities, while Intel® I211-AT Gigabit Ethernet offers a lower latency connection for multiplayer gaming.
* Wi-Fi: Nearly “6x faster” Wireless-AC claims are based on the comparison of maximum theoretical data rates for single (433 Mbps) and dual (867 Mbps) spatial stream 802.11ac vs. single spatial stream (150 Mbps) 802.11n Wi-Fi solutions as documented in IEEE 802.11 wireless standard specifications, and require the use of similarly configured 802.11ac wireless network routers or better.
* I/O ports vary depending on the GPU configuration.

HDMI 2.0
Display Port 1.2
USB 3.2 Gen 1 Type-A
USB 3.2 Gen 2 Type-A
USB 3.2 Gen 2 Type-C
Intel® I211-AT Gigabit LAN
Gold-Plated Audio Jacks HDMI 2.0
Display Port 1.4
Mic in / headphone out
USB 3.2 Gen 1 Type-C
USB 3.2 Gen 1 Type-A


EXCLUSIVE SOFTWARE - UNIFIED SYSTEM

Control with armoury crate

ROG Armoury Crate software unifies system and lighting controls to put essential settings like fan settings and overclocking options in a single utility. You can easily define and customize Scenario Profiles that automatically make adjustments when you launch your favorite titles.

BUNDLED PERIPHERALS

Gear Up and Game

Two colorful Aura Sync devices complete your ROG experience with the GA35. The ROG Strix Flare RGB mechanical gaming keyboard comes with Cherry MX switches, a customizable illuminated badge, and dedicated media controls. Mouse with precision with the ROG Gladius II, equipped with a DPI switch that lets you quickly change sensitivity settings on the fly.
*Bundled peripherals may vary according to regions. Please check with local vendors for exact offers.


















FAQ
Blog
Contact us
Buy in bulk
Images
Place banner
Client cartPrivacy Policy
TOS

Sony Vaio
Refurbished
Alienware Aurora
Alienware x17
Alienware Ryzen
Strix Mid Tower
ROG Zephyrus
ROG Flow
ROG Monitors
ROG phones
ROG Strix
Strix Full Tower



© Computer & Mobile Trading 2018-2022. All rights reserved.
sonyvaiotrading@dnmx.org
Address: PO Box 1935, Salamat House, La Poudriere Lane, Victoria, Mahe island, Seychelles.










Place your such a big or small banner for free here:
