






                        PREPAID CARDS VISA & MASTERCARD  TRANSFER WESTERN UNION





                        This is a prepaid debitcard, each card comes with pin code. The card can be used just like a debit card. You can use them in ATMs around the world or you can buy in any online store.
                    !!! NEW !!!
                    MoneyGram Transfer















                                        PRICE








                                            We only accept bitcoins. We do not sell the cards cheaper. At wholesales big discounts.


                                        If you experience difficulties with our payment system. You can send bitcoins to our direct bitcoin wallet 1Q1itL4JYbRg3EVpsim2zWrq1HHzcxmLTr


                                        P.S. Do not forget to send us with instructions from which wallet you made the payment.

















                                    Price of 1 card       →       Buy $140
                                    Price of 3 card       →       Buy $350
                                    Price of 5 card       →       Buy $520










                                    Price of 1 card       →       Buy $140
                                    Price of 3 card       →       Buy $350
                                    Price of 5 card       →       Buy $520








                                    Transfer $3500       →       BUY $120
                                    Transfer $6000       →       BUY $160
                                    Transfer $7000       →       BUY $170








                                    Transfer $3500       →       BUY $120
                                    Transfer $6000       →       BUY $160
                                    Transfer $7000       →       BUY $170














                                        FAQ






                                SHIPPING



                                    - We can shipped card worldwide. Courier delivery is free 3-7 days, depends on the recipient's country.














                                Do you cash out the cards?



                                    - Sometimes. But it is necessary a lot of people that banks did not notice a large amount of withdrawals.














                                How can i order cards?



                                    -

- Select and pay for. After payment write cards7ybzsemc3t5@dnmx.org | cards7ybzsemc3t5@dnmx.org the transaction number, item and delivery address.














                                How to pay?



                                    - Use the form on youre site. We accept is bitcoin, to ensure the highest anonymity. If you dont have bitcoin, use any currency exchange website like localbitcoins.com, coinbase.com.














                                Is it possible to refill account on card?



                                    - Yes. You can make use of it simply by refilling your card in ATM.














                                When the validity period of cards expires?



                                    - Cards go for 1-2 years. If the card gets blocked before you use it, we will send you a replacement card free.














                                Can I just get the card data without the card itself?



                                    - Yes. We can send you e-mail with all data. You can use them in online-shops, like ebay, amazon.














                                How I get the PIN?



                                    - With the card we send its four-digit PIN printed on a piece of paper inside the package like in bank. If you buy only data of card PIN will be in email.














                                Western Union Transfer





Transferring Western Union all over the world and it takes 1 hour to 4 hours maximum for generating MTCN. We send you MTCN Code With Sender Info and Amount. ou Can Pick Up Funds From Any Westernunion Store with a document proving your identity.
If you NEEDED FOR WU TRANSFER
1: Full name | 2: City | 3: Country | 4: Valid email for sending you MTCN














                                Money Transfer with MoneyGram



                                    -  MoneyGram has a global network includes well-known retailers and businesses, spanning more than 200 countries and territories.
When requesting a transfer trough MoneyGram, please provide the necessary details.
The necessary details are shown below:

    ​ Full name
    ​ City
     Country
    ​ Valid email for sending you the reference number

When picking up the MoneyGram transfer, please provide the following:

    ​ ID: You will need to bring a valid photo I.D.
    ​ Reference Number: This is the reference number for the transaction. This number is on the receipt and included in our confirmation emails for the online transfer.




















                                CONTACT US







                                    Questions and suggestions write to e-mail:


                                    cards7ybzsemc3t5@dnmx.org cards7ybzsemc3t5@dnmx.org










                            Cards & WU © cards7ybzsemc3t5.onion 2016
