







      howitzer's Blog









                Into the depths

        I have had previous experiences with the dark net, most of them have been pointless interactions or just curious.
But I have evolved, in fact, I have evolved so much that I lied to my father to give me a lot of USD in order to start doing: Fraud  (or is it fraud?)
You know initially I made an account on the Versus market just curious to explore what dark net markets offer nowadays and to see if it was really true that they were just filled with drug listings. Well, I got what I wanted, I saw that there were TONS of listings offering drugs (most of it cannabis and cocaine), but what really got my attention was the 'Fraud' related listings.
I have lived a humble life of small spending and absolutely NO financial freedom, and I have tried every legal method to make money and none of it has worked, so I turned to the dark side and decided to join the dark web crime community.
Initially I inspected all of the listings thoroughly making sure none of it was, per say, very very illegal or just impossible to do as a noob, and I found a listing about PayPal accounts and I got excited (this was before I found out what SOCKS5 was and how basic networking works).
I figured out a way to buy BTC with my debit card, sent it to a wallet, bought the items... and got to work.
First account did not work, second one locked me out, asked for replacements and got them, both accounts locked me out, asked for a refund and got one.
Then I got tired of it and gave up with PayPal, I have 6 accounts which are worth about 1200 USD in total, so i anyone is interested I can give them to you for 50 USD in bitcoin, just let me know on the comments.
(yes they all work).
Then I went on some other markets, I explored Incognito Market, Empire Market, Kingdom Market, Venus Market and the famous Alphabay Market, all of them had drugs, counterfeit money and drops (along with fullz but that's everywhere)
I then discovered torch, the original TOR search engine and was interested by one of their listings: Light Money.
I clicked on it and it took me to a site, the site had a Miami 80's theme, like straight out of GTA Vice City, on the main page some text read the following: "Step into your dream."
And they sold something I had never seen before, prepaid debit and credit cards.
But why? I thought. Why would you buy ANY type of physical card on the deep net?!
I don't know! But I am gonna do it, it seems promising so I will post again once I have bought from them.
(actually, from some seller called boxxide on telegram or 'Stevens Stevens', if I get scammed I will let you know.)




    View Comments














                            © 2022 howitzer's Blog


                         ::

Powered by AnonBlogs
