


          ×
        Diese Seite übersetzen?
English
Español
Italiano
Nederlands
Türkçe
Free Software Foundation Europe
Gehe zu:

Menü
Inhalt
Seiteninformation


 Spenden

Über Uns
Aktivitäten
Mitmachen
Presse


 Login
 Sprache ändern








            ×

  Diese Seite wurde bisher noch nicht übersetzt. Bitte hilf uns, diese
  und andere Seiten
  auf fsfe.org zu übersetzen, damit alle unsere Informationen in
  ihrer Muttersprache lesen können.





    Legal Support Activities





        As a non-profit, non-governmental organisation, Free Software
        Foundation Europe works to create general understanding and
        support for Free Software and Open Standards. The following
        activities are concrete actions that we take in the areas of
        public awareness, policy advocacy and legal support.




      Since its foundation in 2001, the FSFE has been working every
      single day to further Free Software in Europe and beyond. With
      our concrete activities, based upon the three pillars of our work, we
      focus on protecting and extending user rights. Some of our
      actions run for many years, some are aimed at short-term
      developments, but all are part of our mission: empower users
      to control technology.



      Another major part of our work consists of continuous engagement
      and background work. We are present at dozens of conferences per year,
      support and maintain an excellent community and
      provide it with helpful resources. Furthermore, we are a
      prominent contact point for all questions and enquiries around
      software freedom, Open Standards, and user rights. We also provide basic education resources on Free Software legal and licensing issues.



Highlights
Public Awareness
Policy Advocacy
Legal Support



      Learn more about legal
      issues in Free Software and our general approach in this
      area.





REUSE Software

The FSFE is running a project to make licensing easy for humans and machines alike. It solves a fundamental issue that Free Software licensing has at the very source: what license is a file licensed under, and who owns the copyright? REUSE provides easy recommendations in three steps that help users, developers and legal professionals.





Legal Network

      The Legal Network is a neutral, non-partisan, group of experts in
      different fields involved in Free Software legal issues.
      Currently the Legal Network has several hundreds of participants
      from different legal systems, academic backgrounds and
      affiliations. The aim of the Legal Network is to promote
      discussion and foster better knowledge of the legal constructs
      that back Free Software. The conversations on the Legal Network
      are intended to be dynamic, thought-provoking and up to speed
      with the most recent developments. Since 2007, we have been
      conducting the annual Legal and Licencing Workshop (LLW) which
      has become the world’s foremost gathering of lawyers,
      technologists, and thought leaders on Free Software legal and
      licensing topics in an informal and confidential atmosphere.





Licence Questions

      The FSFE’s Licence Questions mailing list is our group of
      volunteers dedicated to provide help with Free Software licences
      and compliance. If you need advice on what Free Software licence
      you should use, or if you want to know more about what rights you
      have over a piece of Free Software, you can contact us.





Next Generation Internet

      The FSFE is a partner organisation of NGI, a coalition of various
      not-for-profit organisations from across Europe. Funded by the
      European Commmission, NGI provides grants to individual
      researchers and developers, as well as teams that wish to work on
      new ideas and technologies that contribute to the establishment
      of the Next Generation Internet. The FSFE provides legal support
      for projects that improve openness, inclusivity, transparency,
      privacy, cooperation, and protection of data.





    More Legal Activities




Fiduciary Programme

    The Fiduciary License Agreement (FLA) allows software projects to assign and consolidate copyrights to a named fiduciary, for the effective management of their copyright status by this fiduciary. This permits developers to focus on making great applications, rather than spending their time dealing with legal administration. While the FSFE no longer accepts new projects under the Fiduciary Programme, we continue to offer customisable versions of the Fiduciary License Agreement (FLA) for your use.




Software Patents in Europe

      We are working towards a world where software does what software
      users want it to do. For this, software users must be able to
      participate in the development and distribution of the software.
      Software patents block this goal by adding legal and financial
      risks to software development and distribution and by giving the
      patent holders legal power to completely prohibit software
      developers from using the patented ideas.




Microsoft vs. EU Antitrust CaseAbgeschlossen


      In 2001 the European Union started investigating Microsoft's
      dominant position in the market for desktop operating systems.
      The FSFE played two key roles in this case. First, we represented
      the interests of Free Software developers. Second, we are a
      public interest organisation who cannot be bought off. Thanks to
      the excellent work by all involved parties, the case has been won
      in all rulings up to the European Court of Justice in 2012.




EURA Slovakia caseAbgeschlossen


      The Slovak company EURA Slovakia has been facing EUR 5600 in
      fines because it did not buy and use the Microsoft Windows
      operating system for submitting electronic tax reports. Slovak
      tax administration gave EURA only two options: either to buy and
      use Microsoft Windows or face the fines. The FSFE assisted in
      this case to advocate for platform-neutral solutions for such
      procedures instead. Unfortunately, the court decided against Free
      Software and Open Standards, but we were able to raise awareness
      about these wrongdoings in Slovakia and beyond.




AVM GPL violationAbgeschlossen


      Can a company modify GPL-licensed software on a third-party
      device? The router manufacturer AVM accused Cybits of copyright
      infringement and trademark claims because they modify the
      original router firmware which is largely based on the Linux
      kernel. Together with gpl-violations.org we successfully
      convinced the court that the provisions in the GPL license are
      binding: software under this license can be freely modified and
      installed even if it is shipped as part of an embedded device's
      firmware.




MS-OOXMLAbgeschlossen


      Since the very beginning of the standardisation process for
      Microsoft's Office Open XML - OOXML (hereinafter MS-OOXML), the
      FSFE has expressed serious doubts about whether MS-OOXML could be
      considered as open, if even as a standard at all. The FSFE first
      raised the issue in the community and led the movement against
      the standardisation of MS-OOXML, following closely over the years
      the relevant developments.




GPLv3Abgeschlossen


    Im Jahr 2006 findet die einjährige Beratungsphase zum Entwurf der GNU
    General Public License Version 3 statt. Diese Lizenz, gewöhnlich "Die
    GPL" genannt, ist die bei weitem meistgenutzte Lizenz für Freie Software. Die Free Software
    Foundation Europe unterstützt diesen Prozess indem sie das allgemeine
    Verständnis über die GPL verbessert, anderen hilft an diesem Prozess
    teilzunehmen, Informationen veröffentlicht und Konferenzen organisiert.




AGNULA: A GNU/Linux Audio distributionAbgeschlossen


      The AGNULA project aimed at the creation of a fully functional, entirely
      Free Software GNU/Linux distribution for professional audio
      users. It is a project run by key players in the audio field
      with funding by the European Commission. The FSFE as a
      partner of this project is taking care of the legal issues, the
      long-term aspects and also making sure the Free Software
      community interests are heard.





Teilen und unterstützen
FediverseOKRedditFlattrHacker NewsE-MailTwitterFacebookSupport!Einige Dienste könnten Freie-Software-unfreundlich sein und die Privatsphäre verletzen. Mehr darüber.

Newsletter abonnieren

English
Ελληνικά
Español
Deutsch
Français
Italiano
Nederlands
Português
Română
Русский
Svenska
Shqip
Zum Anfang gehen

Copyright © 2001-2022 Free Software Foundation Europe.

    Die unveränderte Wiedergabe und Verteilung dieses
    gesamten Textes in beliebiger Form ist gestattet, sofern
    dieser Hinweis erhalten bleibt.

JavaScript-Lizenzen


Kontaktiere uns
Jobs
Impressum / Datenschutzrichtlinie / Transparency Commitment

    Die FSFE hat Schwester-Organisationen in Nordamerika, Indien und Lateinamerika.



Quellcode
Hilf unserem Webteam
Diese Seite übersetzen?
