












        We are a new group of several hackers and social engineers mostly from Iran. We got access to Wallet Recovery Phrases which are easily and anonymous integrable into the binance Trust Wallet App.
    Most wallets contains different cryptocurrency's like  SHIBA INU, AMP, Glitch, ETH, BTC, XRP, ADA and many more...
    You can easily exchange the coins inside the Trust Wallet app.

    We are using most wallets for ourselves. We try to cash them out but we are no professionals in money laundering. So we decided to sell some of these wallets to people whit more experience.
    The owner doesn't know anything about the abusing of the recovery phrase until the coins are moved from the wallet.

        How to Restore a Multi-Coin Wallet with a Recovery Phrase ?







            Wallet #1
            Estimated amount: 10.000,00 + USD
            Details..
            Buy recovery phrase for $850



            Wallet #2
            Estimated amount: 600,00 + USD
            details..
            Buy recovery phrase for $65





            Wallet #3
            Estimated amount: 1.700,00 + USD
            Details..
            Buy recovery phrase for $185



            Wallet #4
            Estimated amount: 41.000,00 + USD
            details..
            Buy recovery phrase for $3.500





            Wallet #5
            Estimated amount: 575,00 + USD
            Details..
            Buy recovery phrase for $65





 !




Could i use other apps than Trust Wallet ?
Yes of course. Most applications like Atom or Electrum could work with these phrases without any problem.

What about security ?
What do you want to hear ? You have to be very careful and should know what you do..


Where these Wallets come from?
From people who buy cryptocurrency on telegram. The real owner doesnt know that we got the recovery phrases.


What about Escrow ?
It is possible in general but please only for the huge amount wallets. We are not here to scam or fucking around..


How works the orderprocess ?
The recovery phrase will be shown once the payment has been confirmed by the BTC network. The recovery phrase will be shown ONLY FOR 1 TIME.
 Do not close the window while purchasing !


contact
fresh-wallets@onionmail.org


2022 iran crypto hack
