




           THE BEST
                WEED!
            http://weed4ks7n4ns37fzuh7tg2xzlujedsh77kgzl72gnupw7usqamy2lrid.onion/










              If you lasted to this moment and you are reading this - I
              think that you love weed as much as we are. Mostly you can
              buy some amounts of weed on your street market
              but usually it will be chemical shit.
              Stocking up in our shop we give you guarantee of best
              quality because we are also taking use of products that we
              sell you. Sometimes ganja gets to us from our own country,
              sometimes even from Afghanistan. Our favourite style of
              smoking are joints and bongos, and yours?



              Because we also sometimes buy on darknet, we know that the
              safest method of cooperation is escrow service. We want to
              sell you real weed so if you want to buy our stuff using
              escrow service - that ain't problem for our team but
              remember that you'll need to cover fees cost.

              If you're really not convinced - just ask us for
              additional photos. Here on this site we needed to lower
              photographies resolution because in other case this
              site would load too much time. On mail we can send you
              full-resolution pictures so you'll see that those are from
              our own stock, not stolen from internet as many of darknet
              stores do explaining themselves by "security" (they
              say they're scared of deanonymization).






              Hi! We are one of the first shops on darknet that offers
              only best kinds of marijuana, SPECIFICALLY marijuana. We are
              going about ganja since seven years, selling since three
              years. On our site you may buy couple of kinds of
              weed starting with our favourite Indica, going
              through Sativa, ending with cheap but fast-growing
              Ruderalis.
              Not only we are sellers but most importantly -
              we are fanatics and we can talk about it whole days. We
              are getting supplies from the whole world and we can give you
              up-to-date data about our stocks. On our website you can
              order even ten kilos of stuff. We are also selling smaller
              ziplock bags of it starting with five grams. Of course as
              you order bigger package - the price lowers
              proportionally.




            We're neither writers or IT engineers so we are sorry for
            the style of our site and our language. We don't want to
            prolong so we'll tell you about ways you can order your
            stuff. You have two options:
            -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

            1) you can use our AutoPay system:
            CLICK HERE TO MAKE AN ORDER


            2) you can write mail with your order:
            realweedsupport@dnmx.org
            *3) you can subscribe to PewDiePie!
            -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
            Always when you write mail - remember about telling us your
            country. That's necessary for estimating delievery time.
	    If you have trouble with buying BTCs, you want more info, have
            some questions (or just don't have friends) - you can
            always write.

            As I said before - you can only pay with Bitcoin on our
            site. At this moment only Chinese people may have
            difficulties with buying that currency so if you have
            trouble with that - you can still smoke shitty weed from
            your street. If you write us on our mail - you'll get
            detailed guide how to buy Bitcoin safely.




            <---                       


            Also bit of hash
              for some cash
            in our stash

            <---  JUST ASK :)


            As you see on the photos - we really sell multiple species of
            marijuana but that's not really important. The main
            problem is - transport. We recommend ordering delivery to the post office.
            If you live in a safe region and you
            didn't have trouble with police - you can order package
            directly to your home. That's your choice.

            When it comes to security - we tested many methods and we
            decided to buy special welder for vacuum packaging.
            Aside from vacuum packaging, we also think about proper
            "integument". The best, cheapest and least suspicious are
	    packages - after computer games, electronic items etc.

	    The whole process wouldn't look suspicious because nothing
            inappropriate happens during transaction. It just looks like
            you bought some game from internet, you go to post office or
            take it from mailbox and that's all. Nobody will care about
            content of foiled "Far Cry 4". No smell will get out of
            vacuumed bag inside the game box. Bigger delievery? No problem,
            you only bought Creative speakers!









             We are also artists! Thanks to marijuana
              our world changed and changes all the time. Remember -
              what you do depends only on you and if you still want to
              hurt your body with dirt from street - that's your
              choice. We also started on buying weed from "friends" - on the street - but
              now, when we HAVE comparison, we are happy that it is the
              past.

               We don't
              know exactly what prices do you have in your region, we
              don't know if those prices are competetive to ours or if those are
              way lower but currently we have three people that send us
              weed to America, Europe and Asia so every of our methods
              of shipping will be fast, secure and prepared for
              characteristics of your local market. Sometimes we profit
              from shipping, sometimes we even need to pay extra from our own pocket but on
              our site prices of shipping are always still. Only waiting
              time may increase depending on distance but we will inform
              you about that in a mail.

               realweedsupport@dnmx.org
