









Fake Environmentalism2021-03-12
Humans are destroying earth, that is an undeniable truth. We do have to take care of our planet and raise awareness of the problems we face today, so we will not face them in the future. The problem is the way we are doing things. Lots of people stop buying products from certain companies because these companies supposedly hurt the environment. Many people are becoming vegans because the mass production of meat requires lots of deforested land, so consuming no meat is supposedly the best thing to do morally. The one thing that these people don't notice is that they're creating a whole another set of problems. To begin with, people shouldn't buy products from a company just because they have an "Eco Friendly" or "This product doesn't hurt the environment" seal on the packaging: everything has an impact on nature. But people just buy such products and throw away the old ones all because they "hurt" planet earth. These people don't notice they're actually consooming more than they needed. That is called consummerism. Buying things without the need to. When it comes to companies, people forget we live in a capitalistic system where businesses need to profit each time more, and more, and more... The only reason why a company chooses to be Envrionmentalist is when they can make tons of money out of dumb people or if they're going to loose money if they don't stop hurting the environment. Lets take Apple as an example: iPhones don't come with a charger and earbuds anymore. The main idea is that you should use the charger and the earbuds that came with the phone you had before, but here's the catch: Apples' older charger doesn't have a USB-C port and the newest iPhone comes with a USB-C to Lightning cable. That means you'll need to buy either a new charger, an adapter, or an old cable (you will need to buy one since their cables are so garbage). Maybe even buy a dongle if you want a fire hazard. Same thing goes for earbuds: They have removed the P3 port, so you must buy an adapter or new earbuds (which will need adapters if you want to connect them to anything else). The funniest thing is that Samsumg and Xiaomi have mocked Apple for their action, then adopted the same practice. We live in a hell of a world, right? People who aren't smart or simply brainless don't realise that buying smartphone accessories requires lots of transportation and packaging. The reason why manufacturers have removed accessories from the prouct's box is because the box becomes smaller, meaning it will require less transportation to deliver a higher quantity of devices. This is not only a dumb move because it will generate even more waste from requiring consumers to buy accessories, but also the amount of cardboard saved isn't worth it.Now going into the veganism problem: It's true that cows hurt the Ozone Layer when they fart. Eating lots and lots of meat is unhealthy and involves many processes that produce pollution, such as storing meat and transporting it. Testing products on live animals is cruel. Those are all truths in my view over the situations, but a plant-only diet, just like the iPhone charger problem, creates more problems. Firstly, if we didn't eat animals, many species would reproduce to an amount much larger than what there is right now. That means there would be millions of cows hurting the Ozone layer, more than what there already is. Secondly, vegetables also need to be transported from the farm to the grocery store. The amount of vegetables needed to fulfill the human body's need of protein is enormous. This means you will have to buy a lot more food and consequently more frequently. Last but not least, vegans need supplements, and this falls into the same problem as before: manufacturing, transporting, and storing is still needed.
How can we solve these issues?
This is a really complex topic, but there are some simple recomendations that anyone with some basic thought process can come up with. Consumerism is bad! It saddens me that people don't find that obvious. Buying a car, phone, or processor every time a new one comes out is uncessary. Unfortunately this practice of always buying the "latest and greatest" and keeping your possessions "up to date" haunts developed countries, where these products are as affordable as bottled water. Many people criticize under-developed countries for exploring its natural resources, but the main consumers of these resources are developed and industrialized countries. The best thing to do is consoom less and use things until they stop working and can not be fixed. Buying things that last long and only buying when necessary is the key. You want the newest Apple M1 laptop? You can buy it, unless you don't actually need one. Also this: Do you NEED one of those? NEED as in "only this device will fulfill my needs". If the answer is no, then get an used laptop. I'm not going to shill Thinkpads here because these are hard to find, but these are a great option. Also, don't buy things just to fit in. Humans tend to try to fit in a group, that is a natural characteristic coded into our DNA. Don't buy the latest smartphone just because your friends have it. Maybe a dumbphone would fulfill your needs but you don't give it a chance. Consoom less.


For the meat/vegetable/food problem, people could grow their own food (this might not be viable for some people), buy from local farmers, waste less food, and make less trips to the supermarket. Instead of going shopping twice a month, you could buy your groceries monthly and use better techniques when storing your food, so you make it last longer. Less trips to the grocery store = Less energy used or wasted during transportation. Try to use public transportation, taking a Taxi, or taking a ride with someone who also needs to do the groceries.To sum it up, being conscious about the environment is an easy task. You can "fight" for a cause and do the best and most morally accepted things. Being WOKE and actually doing things that will affect the planet is for few people. The more awareness we raise about the problems the world faces, the less time we'll need to solve these problems, we just have to do things in a intelligent manner, not for likes on Twitter and Instagram.



Home
Tor
I2P
yggdrasil
