











About us
Escrow

Secure escrow
Contact us
Crypto exchange
Crypto to national currency
BigstockEscrow




















Escrow service
Hi! If you want to buy something on onion market and want to do it via escrow, then you are at the right place. It would cost you 1,5% of amount that you going to pay to a seller. You send us coins - price you should pay to the seller +1,5% and we send the coins to the seller just after you confirmed that you have got your order. Otherwise we send the coins back to you.
Payment in another cryptocoins than seller accept
We accept also cryptocoins which seller does not accept. In such a case you would pay 1% exchange fee.
As example seller wants you to pay in Bitcoins, but you can send us Dash. We would ourselves exchange Dash to Bitcoins before sending to a seller.  And if during time that you wait till an item comes to you from the seller, exchange rates changes so that cryptocurrency you have sent to us has been cheaper and not enough to pay to seller, then you would be required to send to us additional payment.


Contact us
bigstockescrow1@torbox3uiot6wchz.onion
bigstockescrow1@torbox.onion
bigstockescrow1@torbox36ijlcevujx7mjb4oiusvwgvmue7jfn2cvutwa6kl6to3uyqad.onion
All three are the same email account.

In order to contact us, you need an account on http://torbox36ijlcevujx7mjb4oiusvwgvmue7jfn2cvutwa6kl6to3uyqad.onion. This is new, version 3 domain name of torbox - torbox3uiot6wchz.onion
Torbox themselves on their web site also claim that mail from blackhost.xyz,
blackhost5xlrhev.onion, volatile.bz, vola7ileiax4ueow.onion, elude.in, eludemaillhqfkh5.onion, tt3j2x4k5ycaa5zt.onion, danwin1210.me comes to torbox and from torbox to them. You can try, if you have accounts on one of them. But if you do not get answer from us in 5 days, it means that you still need an account on torbox.
Cryptocoins accepted
We accept half of one hundred cryptocoins:
DigiByte   (DGB)
Doge (DOGE)
Zcash (ZEC)
EtheriumClassic  (ETC)
Dash (DASH)
Litecoin  (LTC)
Etherium (ETH)
Bitcoin (BTC)
Monero (XMR)
Bitcoin Cash (BCH)
Many-many ERC-20 tokens.
When you request our service we always generate a new dedicated for you address and send you by email.


Do you want something even more reliable like multisignature escrow?
Then watch Secure Escrow page.





















About us
Escrow
Secure escrow
Contact us
Crypto exchange to national currency
Crypto exchange
Copyright © 2022 BigstockEscrow. All Rights Reserved.
