









       FAQ
       Proofs
       Reviews









         Real Buyers Reviews







        *** UNSORTED COMMENTS FROM OLD (v0.1) REVIEW SYSTEM ***

 (newest on top)

                   8047: This store is so selfless, i cannot believe you
 pulled this through for me up till now. I am very happy for this


                                8046: I like the Store Card. There are
various deals when purchasing items /
products with them. It's kinda like having a Best Buy card. Payments are
 reasonable and appropriate.


                                8041: I appreciate that the card gives
me a discount on my purchases. I also
find it easy to keep track of exactly how much I'm spending on since
this card is specific.


                                8039: Ever since I've become an imperial
 customer I've had a storecard and I
wouldn't change anything about it. I love my card and the benefits of
having one out-weighs ALL other cards I've EVER used.


                                8037: Nopal IQ Supplement was my first
purchase with your cards. Delivered as
 requested and the product is GREAT. My wife is taking it and says it's
working !! Needless to say, living in the ' outback ' of the U.P. of
Michigan Got to LOVE IT !!!! Keep up the good work !!!


                                8036: I just Love this card. I don't
feel limited when ordering and I have ample time to pay it back.


                                8035: I love the ease of checkout. If
you pay it off every month it's Great!
Not for people who don't have control over thier credit cards; use it
like it's a Debit card, the card is just addictive


                                8034: I read nothing but bad reviews on
here. For some reason they are all
from people who sound like they arent very good at managing their
money/credit or they are completely computer illiterate. This card is
fantastic if you can pay for what you buy. obiviously! If not, guess
what! you get hit with interest. they tell you what the interest is and u
 get charged for it


                                8032: yeah we are used to them coming
around. Been with this store for quite a
 long time now. Happens once a while all these fake stores come here and
 start giving funny stories of how imperial is fake. Most buyers just
ignore. Its a normal thing to us already. Time will pass, imperial is
forever and will be forever


                                8031: why wont i buy when i already
bought and receive my order. Many of my
friends buy too, was even one of them who brought me here LMAO. Imperial
 you are really the best, i cant believe you really run all these scam
shops out of sales. They want to make sure the same happens to you too
LOL. You guys just dont get the thing, imperial is the only real store
on the darknet, that is why you are here lyin


                                8021: Now we see why people want
imperial dead. They  will do anything to
make sure the only store that sells cards right and enjoys all the
customer traffic turns fake. Imperial is not fake and will continue to
be on top of other shops. Let all the scam shops take their efforts and
lies elsewhere


                                8019: thank you so much imperial, i was
almost mislead


                                8014: This is a great card. I
particularly like earning credit to be used either towards the statement
 balance or towards a purchase.


                                8013: I THINK U GUYS ARE DOING GREAT. I
RARELY FINANCE ANYTHING ANY MORE AND
REALLY APPRECIATE THE SPECIAL CASH BONUSES AND COUPONS AVAILABLE. ITS
LIKE SOMEONE 'nickle and diming' FOR US FOR A CHANGE. THANKS


                                8012: The customer server is great to
work with. Had an issue with billing
once and did the live chat option and had it corrected that session. It
was a really great experience.


                                8011: This in store card is great! I
love you people so so much and just I love the benefits that go along
with being a Prime member


                                8009: It's perfect for people like me
who hate Mall Shopping. It's reasonably
 priced items that arrive within days of ordering. It has everything for
 a gift to a home product to toys to things needed.


                                8008: Everything about making purchases
with this card is great, the rewards
 are better than any visa's, the problem is in paying your bill. I've
gotten used to using apps on my phone to pay my credit cards. This card
doesn't have an app to pay your bills. To make matters worse, the
password required for the bank needs so many characters, numbers, and
symbols that I have to reset my password, fix this


                                8007: I love that I can get gifts with
my store card whenever I need to. And I
 don't have to wait to get books by my favorite authors.


                                8006: Love the 5% back that I can apply
as needed. Amazon is the best on line
 retailer. So easy to find things. I like that I can pay the card on
line. Really no negatives for this card.


                                8005: Works for me. I have had no
issues. I use it weekly and make payments online or through the app.
Convent and seems safe


                                8004: The card is very easy to use and
comes in handy when you find an item and want immediately to purchase
and receive!


                                8002: I like the cash back / rewards and
 i like the discounts and free
shipping i have gotten with the prime card I have most likely saved
enought on shipping to have re-couped the cost of the membership, not to
 mention the discounts and cash back rewards on my orders. If you order a
 lot online,i would definately suggest it.


                                8000: I've received outstanding customer
 service every time I've contacted
you guys. In fact, I would like to express how I appreciate the great
prices and astonishing offers that are offered.


                                7999: This is a fairly new card for me. I
 keep getting confused from what this people be saying but i am glad i
own one finally


                                7998: Not haven't the greatest credit
rating, but for me came in very handy
this Easter all for the double bonus anyway. Easy to use, hassle free,
reasonable payments. Great value.


                                7995: I buy almost everything I need
with imperial. Products and prices are great!
Customer service is outstanding.
Highly recommended.


                                7994: I love having this card. I can sit
 at home with my feet up and let my
fingers do the walking. I get to find all the great deals with endless
shopping for the things I want, I'm like a kid in a candy store.


                                7992: It's so easy to order on the store
 card. I love that there is no expiration date ever. You get the 5%
savings.
There is not one thing that I don't love. Thank you imperial


                                7991: I see alot of people complaining
about it being hard to make a payment.
 But really it isn't hard. Its just lazy or incompetent people. It
simply takes you to another page with a different log in, for security
reasons I'm sure. I have had zero issues with this card. Its just as
easy as using your stored cards you had on file before having this card.
 I got it to help build credit.


                                7990: Awesome. I've been ill and was
unable (unwilling) to Easter shop in the
 stores and I'm a 2_year Prime Member so this year I've really taken
advantage of that. Any returns, anything .... everyone was super
helpful. Good job..... the store card allowed me to keep Easter separate
 from other expenses. It's great and I'm grateful.


                                7988: I like that this card can be used
for everything I buy online. It links
 to my account and is so easy! I just wish the Interest would go down to
 readjust with my great service account and payments.


                                7981: To our new and existing customer,
we are sorry for the negative
inconveniences. Please ignore the negative reviews as it is aimed at
destroying our good image and breaking down our ranking on the deep web.
 We have the largest customer base on the deep web as we always ensure
our customers receive their products. We are professionals and we do not
 support SPAM. Please stay safe --- IMPERIAL SUPPORT


                                7980: see
money!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! you
didnt notify me about the double easter bonus until i came here and saw
it. Not fair!! you people suppose to mail us and make us know promo is
going on. Now i dont get to order many cards before easter is over. With
 all the past days now wasted. m sad on this


                                7978: Are we still on this drekoviic
problem? oh well.. imperial please just
stick around as we will always continue to buy. I believe in you and no
matter how they try to tarnish your image, i personally can never agree
with bad talk because you have made an eternal change in my life. All i
have today is because of you people


                                7977: thank you for the new cards
imperial!! i will forever owe my life to you for helping me solely


                                7976: hahahaha whether support even
replied or not, i have stopped reading
their fake reviews and lies about imperial. How can someone just come
from nowhere. With all the large customers coming here everyday to
appreciate their cards, and always complaining about some lost money. I
know sometimes imperial can delay order from sea shipping but i dont
think they scammed any of these fools talking rubbish


                                7973: thank you for the safe words
support, we feel so much relieved knowing
you are there watching out for our money. These scam shops are really
doing all they will to bring this store down


                                7972: A competitor store from the same
dir looking to rank higher indeed
putting negative words. You scammers are not wise, Imperial will always
be better and will make sure people earn value for their money. We will
never scam and that is why we are the best on the deepweb --- IMPERIAL
SUPPORT


                                7948: this easter bonus is the best perk
 you folks have offered us new customer yet you know


                                7947: Argh dammit imperial you are so
awesome!!!! At first i didnt get the
hell what is going on here until i saw the whole buying problem mistake
and all. I was really scared at first, you people are really a great
store indeed


                                7944: whose fucking business if you want
 to help drekovic idiot!!! type all
you want!!! type till eternity!!!!!!!! keep posting!!!!!! this store
will continue to do right. They have been here for over 4years now and
many people like you come to destroy their name and collect money as
ransom. Maybe that is your new scam!! keep it up. I buy from this store
always for 1 year now and they always deliver


                                7942: who else got the double balance? i
 got one today!!!!!! they say its for the easter


                                7941: I personally blame support
actually for trying to reason with him. If i
 were support and i scam this boy, i will not even answer him one bit.
Fool just wants to blame the wrong person.


                                7940: All this for $49?? its so
surprising when i buy over $800 from them.
THERE ARE MANY FAKE SHOPS WITH IMPERIAL MARKET ON THE DARKWEB! stop
blaming these guys. they have always been real


                                7939: Wow this drekoviic thing is really
 funny. Imperial you guys do
something about him, now i have to scroll all pages to view new
promotions. Dude you making us miss. Take your life elsewhere


                                7923: "WARNING"!
andrewany@dnmx.org became
imperial.market@dnmx.org. Ordered nothing !! They want to continue
SCAMMING!. NOT WITH US!! WE ARE HERE TO HELP PEOPLE. We are accused! We
do not work with any person we do not have a website .. we just want to
help new clients .. do not become a customer of imperial.
PS: Look at the original page (Review) ;-) YOU ARE SO CLEVER!


                                7920: "WARNING"!
andrewany@dnmx.org became
imperial.market@dnmx.org. Ordered nothing !! They want to continue
SCAMMING!. NOT WITH US!! WE ARE HERE TO HELP PEOPLE. We are accused! We
do not work with any person we do not have a website .. we just want to
help new clients .. do not become a customer of imperial.
PS: Look at the original page (Review) ;-) YOU ARE SO CLEVER!


                                7917: DO NOT IGNORE! It's the
truth!"WARNING"! andrewany@dnmx.org
became imperial.market@dnmx.org. Ordered nothing !! They want to
continue SCAMMING!. NOT WITH US!! WE ARE HERE TO HELP PEOPLE. We are
accused! We do not work with any person we do not have a website .. we
just want to help new clients .. do not become a customer of
imperial.You think .. we are stupid? And you clever !? No!!


                                7915: DO NOT IGNORE! It's the
truth!"WARNING"! andrewany@dnmx.org
became imperial.market@dnmx.org. Ordered nothing !! They want to
continue SCAMMING!. NOT WITH US!! WE ARE HERE TO HELP PEOPLE. We are
accused! We do not work with any person we do not have a website .. we
just want to help new clients .. do not become a customer of
imperial.You think .. we are stupid? And you clever !? No!!


                                7912: DO NOT IGNORE! It's the
truth!"WARNING"! andrewany@dnmx.org
became imperial.market@dnmx.org. Ordered nothing !! They want to
continue SCAMMING!. NOT WITH US!! WE ARE HERE TO HELP PEOPLE. We are
accused! We do not work with any person we do not have a website .. we
just want to help new clients .. do not become a customer of
imperial.You think .. we are stupid? And you clever !? No!!


                                7904: !"WARNING"!
andrewany@dnmx.org became
imperial.market@dnmx.org. Ordered nothing !! They want to continue
SCAMMING!. NOT WITH US!! WE ARE HERE TO HELP PEOPLE. We are accused! We
do not work with any person we do not have a website .. we just want to
help new clients .. do not become a customer of imperial.You think .. we
 are stupid? And you clever !? No!!


                                7902: !"WARNING"!
andrewany@dnmx.org became
imperial.market@dnmx.org. Ordered nothing !! They want to continue
SCAMMING!. NOT WITH US!! WE ARE HERE TO HELP PEOPLE. We are accused! We
do not work with any person we do not have a website .. we just want to
help new clients .. do not become a customer of imperial.You think .. we
 are stupid? And you clever !? No!!


                                7899: !"WARNING"!
andrewany@dnmx.org became
imperial.market@dnmx.org. Ordered nothing !! They want to continue
SCAMMING!. NOT WITH US!! WE ARE HERE TO HELP PEOPLE. We are accused! We
do not work with any person we do not have a website .. we just want to
help new clients .. do not become a customer of imperial.You think .. we
 are stupid? And you clever !? No!!


                                7895: !"WARNING"!
andrewany@dnmx.org became
imperial.market@dnmx.org. Ordered nothing !! They want to continue
SCAMMING!. NOT WITH US!! WE ARE HERE TO HELP PEOPLE. We are accused! We
do not work with any person we do not have a website .. we just want to
help new clients .. do not become a customer of imperial.You think .. we
 are stupid? And you clever !? No!!


                                7891: Dear Customers, please we are
sorry about the imposition from the
person named drekoviic. This person obviously purchased from the wrong
site and got scammed. Now blames us for it. Our mail on our site is
andrewany@dnmx.org and not imperial-market@dnmx.org
Evidently he paid to the wrong person. Do please ignore the nuisance ---
 IMPERIAL SUPPORT


                                7859: WARNING! DO NOT ORDER IMPERIAL
PRODUCTS. IMPERIAL MARKET AND ONIONDIR
work together to scam new customers. We are not scams, we help people
here. We do not sell anything and work here for nobody !!!
PS: WE HAVE ENOUGH TIME !! DELETES ALL DOWN VOTES!! WE WILL NEVER STOP!!



                                7856: WARNING! DO NOT ORDER IMPERIAL
PRODUCTS. IMPERIAL MARKET AND ONIONDIR
work together to scam new customers. We are not scams, we help people
here. We do not sell anything and work here for nobody !!!
PS: WE HAVE ENOUGH TIME !! DELETES ALL DOWN VOTES!! WE WILL NEVER STOP!!



                                7852: WARNING! DO NOT ORDER IMPERIAL
PRODUCTS. IMPERIAL MARKET AND ONIONDIR
work together to scam new customers. We are not scams, we help people
here. We do not sell anything and work here for nobody !!!
PS: WE HAVE ENOUGH TIME !! DELETES ALL DOWN VOTES!! WE WILL NEVER STOP!!



                                7840: WARNING! DO NOT ORDER IMPERIAL
PRODUCTS. IMPERIAL MARKET AND ONIONDIR
work together to scam new customers. We are not scams, we help people
here. We do not sell anything and work here for nobody !!!
PS: WE HAVE ENOUGH TIME !! DELETES ALL DOWN VOTES!! WE WILL NEVER STOP!!



                                7838: WARNING! DO NOT ORDER IMPERIAL
PRODUCTS. IMPERIAL MARKET AND ONIONDIR
work together to scam new customers. We are not scams, we help people
here. We do not sell anything and work here for nobody !!!
PS: WE HAVE ENOUGH TIME !! DELETES ALL DOWN VOTES!! WE WILL NEVER STOP!!



                                7823: WARNING! DO NOT ORDER IMPERIAL
PRODUCTS. IMPERIAL MARKET AND ONIONDIR
work together to scam new customers. We are not scams, we help people
here. We do not sell anything and work here for nobody !!!


                                7811: ATTENTION! ORDER NO GOODS ..
IMPERIAL MARKET AND ONIONDIR work together
 to disguise new customers. We are not scams, we help people. We do not
sell anything and work for nobody here !!!


                                7809: ATTENTION! ORDER NO GOODS ..
IMPERIAL MARKET AND ONIONDIR work together
 to disguise new customers. We are not scams, we help people. We do not
sell anything and work for nobody here !!!


                                7807: ATTENTION! ORDER NO GOODS ..
IMPERIAL MARKET AND ONIONDIR work together
 to disguise new customers. We are not scams, we help people. We do not
sell anything and work for nobody here !!!


                                7805: ATTENTION! ORDER NO GOODS ..
IMPERIAL MARKET AND ONIONDIR work together
 to disguise new customers. We are not scams, we help people. We do not
sell anything and work for nobody here !!!


                                7803: ATTENTION! ORDER NO GOODS ..
IMPERIAL MARKET AND ONIONDIR work together
 to disguise new customers. We are not scams, we help people. We do not
sell anything and work for nobody here !!!


                                7801: i tell you. This imperial card
will be the best card you will ever own!
 You guys are too amazing i dont even know how to describe it


                                7800: Are you serious??? M topping up my
 card asap... damn not gonna let this one pass me after missing x5 last
december


                                7799: Easter bonus!!!! Thank you so much
 imperial. They increased my limit
from the initial $3000 to a more comfortable $6000 within this week!!
two times bonus is here!!!!!!!!


                                7798: Warning to the inexperienced: This
 is an account card and interest is
very high if you let it go past the promotional date. I really
appreciate being able to pay things off over 6 or 12 months. Makes it so
 much easier to buy larger items or multiple items at one time. It's
this card that made imperial a prime carding destination for me. But
keep an eye on your balance!


                                7797: More financing option would be
nice. Lowering 6 month financing
threshold to $99, like PayPal does, would be one way to go. What do you
think?


                                7771: Using this card is super easy.
Almost too easy. I like paying with that
 card instead of personal debit card that has potential to be hacked.
When I do have to get new debit card


                                7770: Easy to shop and pay for products
and easy to submit payment on card. I
 never have to leave my home for shopping purchases. Especially during
the whole Easter madness


                                7746: i am new here guys, which shop do
you recommend which is legit. this
one got me doubting with all these negative reviews. anyone who knows a
sites that doesn't scam people


                                7742: imperial market, i got the card
replacement. You actually ordered to my
 neighbour, we mixed shipping details. And who is this drekovic and what
 is really happening. Always here to say something bad, imperial market
reply him or forgive him. Give him his money or whatever he said he
bought. His arrogance is really terrible


                                7741: thank you for the cards imperial, i
 am very grateful for them


                                7717: Imperial market, please easter is
coming. What is the bonus gonna be
like? i am really anticipating for something nice! Make it a hit like
last year's christmas please!!!!! give us the x3 balance again please


                                7713: this page is among few of the
stores i will actually say looks real on
this dir. i am not giving them a green but i certainly CANNOT give them a
 red, so since there is not other colour. maybe green is fine. Some
other stores are just filled with  nonsense rating but here you see the
actual conversation of customers. Seems real to me, even microsoft and
google has been called scam on Playstore, smh


                                7712: I use this store card for a while
now,  and it is mainly because of the
 5% cash back. I purchase a lot so any extra is a plus back in my
pocket.


                                7705: and why is all the negative review
 all about drekoviic, dude you really
 should go talk to the store privately and apologize. all these self
conversation of yourself here playing roleplay wont help you get your
money


                                7704: imperial market, true you  make
bulk sales? i appreciate the test cards
 you sent but if you have bulk prices please let me know. We can work
together and expand, i have a lot of money to invest. Mail from
simonqueens@dnmx.org


                                7702: imperial you are really doing a
great job and thanks for making this year great for me


                                7701: Hi - I was just wondering if
anyone who has made a purchase with this
service could email me on virgilabloh1666@dnmx.org to tell me about
their experience as I'm strongly considering investing in this service.


                                7694: the 5% back actually pays for most
 of my sales tax so i am always
covered, that is what i love most for the mastercard. Only issue i have
is the late statement when i make a payment on due day and i can make a
lot of payment so i lose track and get confused on statement. You are
not a bank but you should work on that part too


                                7693: For the most part I like it,
however I am noticing that I'm making a
lot of payments but it doesn't seem like my Balance goes down and the
transactions are always delayed so I'm never really sure what's going
on. Did i mess with my PIN? help fix this


                                7692: these cards are the bomb
outstanding balance on it even being my first time here


                                7691: the blue master card is really
beautiful. I'm sticking to this one,
just keep refilling for this is better than shipping in those awful
magazines of yours


                                7690: i am unhappy with what drekoviic
is doing and if i am imperial i will
indeed ignore him. It is annoying when you do something right and one
customer goes rogue and is stirring bad talk. Probably the people
talking along with drekoviic are the competitors. They have seen a
reason to attack imperial and are fueling the fire.. smh. I DONT EVEN
WANT THEM TO FUCKING SEND YOU ANY DAMN THING!!!!!!!


                                7689: hey yo drake, sorry i didnt say my
 name but i have been replying you
before but stopped. If other customers get their order but you do not,
what happen to you? People try to reason with you maybe there is a
mistake but you keep shouting scam, see where that has gotten you? lol
maybe the people supporting you are even true buyers TEASING YOU LOL!!!!
 this is so funny. LOL SUPPORT PLEASE REPLY HIM


                                7688: I am still commenting as the same
person from the last comment, so you
kick yourself in the balls i think. I also know this store to be strict
and very policy in business. Everybody waits but only you come here to
talk scam so they ignore you simply. Drekoviic here, Drekoviic there.
Give it a break already and mail and apologize to them. Hope they listen
 to you


                                7687: i dont support what happened to
drekoviic but on this case i will go
with imperial. I think they tried to reason with him on the beginning of
 the issue. I actually think the mistake he made was calling them scam
all from the beginning. Maybe why they just ignored him. Comments here
cannot be taken away and you stain a true shop. Why not just live up to
what he says then. He kicked himself sorry


                                7686: a sunday gift. New PINS.. thank
you guys


                                7685: Imperial market what really
happened between you and this drekoviic person? I am confused. You send
my orders but what of him?


                                7654: pay Drekoviic his money he payed
and you pretending as if payed the
wrong guy. we all saw the picture give his paypal, you the admins are
the ones deleting downvotes and writing as as if this shop is good. show
 us some fucking proof. non on of you has proof and you come here talk
shit. i want proof i am not buying without proof.


                                7638: yeah you are right. Best to ignore
 them let the continue talking who cares


                                7637: thank you imperial market, i got
my mail notification for the order
delivery  has arrived but i have not gone home to receive it. Thank you
in advance still


                                7636: i just got mine too. been waiting
since last night. Good work imperial


                                7635: i got my order. Holy smoly fuck
shit, this thing is real! i dont know
what to say anymore. thank you so so much imperial. Gosh!!! i almost
fell for these bad talks, thank you thank you guys!!!!!!!


                                7634: my cards are coming in... thank
you so much imperial.. as you idiots
can see, they got no concern with whatever shit is going on here. Wont
even reply any of you. Lol guys you dont need to fight back. Just let
the fakes say all they want, its normal to react when you see a market
doing right and better. I've ignored them a long time ago


                                7633: imperial i still suggest it is
high time you go low as you have always said fucking ingrates everywhere


                                7632: you speak well. instead of them to
 work on marketing their product, lazy way out to come here and steal
customers


                                7631: wow so this support was right all
along!!! you shitheads are all
competitors. Still went ahead to give a page of sites you are pulling
down. Well it is only the new ones that can get confused. As for me, you
 can fuck yourselves because i have found the service i have been
looking for


                                7609: why are you people deleting down
votes...this looks looks a scam.
raises my eyebrows. a good shop takes both good and bad reviews to
improve. last time i checked it had 120 down votes now its 1


                                7606: it is a better thing now that you
have corrected the slow order. These
last weeks were not very regular and i am not happy but it is better
now, yesterday's order got in just hours on WU for express and i want
you people to keep doing better. Thank you for the discount also. I
could not help but notice it even though i am not still happy with you!
 :P


                                7605: now that i finally have
confirmation for the 5% rebate and promotion, i'll certainly be buying
for this one


                                7604: imperial shop!!! thank you for
these babies! damn best thing that has ever happened to me


                                7601: MY CARDS HAVE ARRIVED!!!!!!
WOOHOOOO BEST EVER ON THE FUCKING WEB


                                7600: you are trying your best and i
appreciate that but can there be like a
notification of the order delivery moment. Sometimes i am off and
unavailable and i have to rush down to check out my package. I really
need to know so i can be prepared, its twice now that i've had to run
out of work cos it met me at a wrong spot


                                7599: lol pet boxes. seriously? cant it
be more you know.. professional like
brown bags or something i think. I am not an animal lover so receiving
pet boxes feels strange for me sorta


                                7598: the 5% rebate and off promotion on
 the balance cards... pls is it still going on? anybody knows about this


                                7597: gah!! you guys are the best store
online. this is so sweet!!!!!!


                                7593: here i s what i will do my friend,
 this week i will order that very
same 500 PayPal from them and see how it goes. i am will lose that 50
bucks so i wont stress. i will order then come back here and give my
testimony and see what you are talking about is authentic!


                                7592: you will forever post about your
order but one thing is certain if they
 took your money you will never get it..chill and move on. have a strong
 heart everyone in here has been scammed before. stop yelling like a
child, grow up!!


                                7590: anyone who is to share their
screenshot of order confirmation please
post your link i want to compare if what this dude is talking about. the
 admin imperial admin clearly post your order number to them in case
they missed it, but you are still here making noise.


                                7586: its clear these is simply
competitor shit! idiots spending time to pull
 imperial down. Order or no order what do you care? just to come here
and speak what isnt true, aint this the same support that fixed order
issues just a week ago. Why wont they ignore you when you clearly are
not even on queue. Rather just ignore you smh


                                7585: DUDE! is that the only link you
have seen? Here's another one that
scammed me a long time ago! http://2aed243etgnjkytw.onion/
This one looks exactly like the original site!! Fuckers stole my money
back then!! There are so many copy phishing sites stealing these store's
 work. Stupid fuckers intercepted my money


                                7583: i just got my deliveries. i earth
you so much impeiral market


                                7582:
/
andrewany@dnmx.org


                                7579: This fake imperial also uses this
bitcoin
address..1Ac9JsLvCqJY3s4ZB3dioTSTU677VmFfLg admin please update people
with your bitcoin address so that they can be rest assured.


                                7578: bro check the website you used
maybe it was a phishing link...are you
sure you didnt not use this website?
http://qmmrh35uzd4d6xgb.onion/gift2.html i just found out about this
fake imperial website.


                                7572: why cant i put bad reviews lol
seems sketchy


                                7557: it is just painful for me each
time i read from this drekovic person. I
 feel his pain and all but honestly i dont think you paid imperial the
money. If your money really got to them, these people gonna send your
cards. All these you doing, dont make any sense. I dont think they gonna
 answer you with all you already said here. Some customer already told
you they strict with him before. Sorry though


                                7556: hey imperial, is it possible for
me to top up my finished card or i
have to keep buying another one each time it finishes? i am only saying
this to help reduce risk you get


                                7555: thank you for the cards imperial
market. you are too awesome


                                7545: you are free to keep talking... i
only replied you man only cos this
site works for me and i guess others here too. They have been around for
 5 years now so say whatever you want, i already make my money so it
dont stop me from buying. Whoever you are, only you knows. AND I AM NOT
FUCKING ADMIN.


                                7541: this is what i actually think, you
 guys are a victim of phishing. I am
not saying that is what happened to you, but i have seen a very fake
copy of these same imperial site. And customers fell for it badly, if
maybe you paid to them. No problem, i'll simply advice you wait and stop
 ranting


                                7540: i will give them a try with money i
 am willing to lose. i think they are legit.


                                7539: i'm laughing seriously right
now... see these fuckers fooling
themselves! Talking to himself about something i still bought this
weekend. I dont know what made you guys unfortunate but sorry lol


                                7537: thank you imperial, really had me
worried with all these negative talks. You have made me feel better


                                7507: i dont know why someone would
still have something to complain about
these golden service. YOU DONT FUCKING FIND THIS KIND OF THING EVERYDAY
IN A LIFETIME! IF YOU SEE ONE, APPRECIATE!!!! SLOW ORDER OR WHATEVER??
NOT EVEN LIKE THEY ALWAYS SLOW DAMMIT! I HATE PEOPLE WHO TRY TO RUIN
GOOD PRODUCTS. FUCK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IMPERIAL IS THE BEST EVER!!!!!


                                7506: what you guys do really takes a
lot of guts! to break serious shipping
protocols, taking all risk to ship these items to us, i really take my
hats off for this store


                                7505: money in magazine? the methods you
 guys use to ship these cards to me
is really funny but i like it anyway. Most times your magazines are wack
 anyway. Not something i like to read but maybe a few times you sent
nice ones i will give u dat


                                7504: The Promotion on these cards are
so amazingly good!!!! like i buy from
amazon so much and i thought probably cos its cloned i could get in
trouble or something,  but even amazon just brought out some unknown
name and still dont care about my location. All i ordered still got
delivered. They prolly thought the owner of the card changed home LOL


                                7503: aww m so grateful for the extra
100 bucks you topped on my mastercard... thank you


                                7502: i have gotten the cards finally
imperial. Thank you so much, very happy for this


                                7496: I'M SO HAPPY TO MAKE MY PURCHASE
IN IMPERIAL. BUT I'M NOT RECEIVED THE
ORDER CONFIRMATION IN EMAIL. AND I STILL WAITING. I HOPE THAT CAN MAKE
WHAT IS DESCRIBED ON HIS SITE.


                                7492: We understand how frustrating the
wait can be but if you truly ordered
from us, forward your Order/Tracking ID. We will never do business with
anyone without the customer having an Order/Tracking ID. We work
professionally and take our customer satisfaction VERY SERIOUS --
IMPERIAL SUPPORT


                                7491: Hello drekoviic, we have been busy
 with many orders. Coming here to
read our customers reviews are also important but it is not top priority
 as compared to fulfilling their requests. We have had a lot of orders
come in in the last weeks and we have tended to all with no complains.
If you have any, please mail us your Order/Tracking ID -- IMPERIAL
SUPPORT


                                7490: agreed.. i just got my cards
although i waited for about 4 days because
 i ordered on thursday last week and i got my delivery mail yesterday
night. I went to collect it this morning. I dont know why he goes that
long but i think his order gone wrong somewhere. He need to check his
transaction properly. This store trying its best and i totally agree to
that, not easy to stand upright in the darkweb


                                7489: THANK YOU FOR THE REFUND FOR THE
CARD. I HAVE CONFIRMED IT DEACTIVATED.
 I DIDNT KNOW MY SON BE RESUMING EARLIER TO SCHOOL AND I DONT WANT HIM
GOING AWAY WITH THE CARD. I DIDNT FEEL SAFE WITH THE IDEA BUT MINE WORKS
 AND THANK YOU


                                7488: what i think is that they probably
 got the whole transaction wrong. i
know this store to be strict with instructions. I got dealt with pretty
hard first time i got in business with them. Understood anyway, with the
 kind of traffic they have and the whole queue. One stupid customer  can
 be really stressful


                                7487: i am lost why people ask for money
 back, but i just got my cards here.
Imperial are they customers too? Why dont they get their own card?


                                7473: i agree with you that he is
competitor. Many people have come here to
buy and it work fine. He is the only one saying otherwise. Scam shops
with no shame. People are not falling


                                7472: you just made me a proud father
today imperial! Funded my daughter's
paypal account and i have never ever seen her this happy. I am very glad
 i met and trusted you. I wish all the good things continue for you and
smoothly


                                7471: its a good thing that true
customers are coming out more and more to
speak out. That should show imperial market that we adore their services
 and are ready to fight their competitors with them. I'm very sure this
dreikovic is fake and some competitor shop trying to spoil imperial's
market


                                7470: seems you shipped many cards
batches today because i just got mine too.
 Thank you so much. I was beginning to get scared while waiting cos i
was coming here and kept seeing these negative talks from the guy
accusing for the 17days payment and all. I feel so much relieved now


                                7469: imperial market... i thought you
said you would send my cards in pet
boxes. I was scared when i saw magazines. I thought it was like some law
 enforcement trap not until i matched my tracking order and saw ur
confirmation mail. Thank you for the job, the cards are really pretty


                                7468: yo drake dude with the issues. I
shouldnt even reply you cos my money
is my business and i know i earn from imperial market. Whatever bullshit
 happened to you, figure it out. Bad talk from people like you make true
 stores like this want to close down. All i know is they doing us a
favor, they could decide to keep all d money to themselves


                                7467: these mastercards are impressing
like really really impressing.. just
like you said with the atm, they withdrew without any issues. But whats
up? it has no name associated with the card on the atm.. i was thinking
like you would make my name on it or something, u know extra protection


                                7466: thank you thank you thank you
thank you thank you thank you thank you
thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you
thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you
thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you
thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you
thank you thank you thank you thank you!!!!!!!!!!!


                                7465: I'm new to the darkweb and i have
not really figured out how to surf
and make money. Seems you guys are real from what i'm reading, please do
 you have orders for malaysia? What happened to the drikeoivic person
too?


                                7464: thank you imperial. You just made
my day. The cards worked exactly to your instructions


                                7454: what i love about your cards is
the promotional balance on the added
value. You have no idea how shopping has become a whole new experience
for me. Thank you for this one, i'll own it


                                7453: LOOOOLLLLLLLL I LAUGHED FREAKING
HARD YESTERDAY NIGHT. I ACTUALLY
CALLED THEIR BLUFF ON MY ORDER AS HOW I WANTED TO RECEIVE IT. LMAO MAD
BOYS!! THEY SENT MY CARDS IN  PORN MAGAZINES..LOL YOU GUYS ARE SICK!!!!!


                                7452: keep up the work. Very wonderful
service


                                7451: i totally agree with you mate.
Imperial should really find a way to
sort out its true customers. These bad talks threaten us that rely on
this shop. He is talking about 17 days order, i am very sure the shop
receives over 100 mails daily, i wonder where his mail would be 17days
ago. Definitely an  ultimate search and we not even sure he's talking
about the same imperial cos we use it too


                                7450: i saw my cards....... m so
excited. thanks to you guys telling the
truth i almost got confused. so much fake sellers around these days but
i'll always recommend you


                                7449: Please imperial who is the
dreikovic guy and wtf is his problem? if you
 are not sure of who you paid to fuck off from here. You are the reason
our orders get slow sometimes!!!! people like you get the store busy on
some stupid goosechase for stupid money that you never paid them


                                7448: i remember very long ago when
someone here was talking about this store
 going private and selling to only a set of customers. I mailed against
it and wanted them to stay. Now i see why it is true, many haters keep
ruining their market with bad talk. I agree you guys should go on the
low


                                7447: thank you alot imperial, i am glad
 you didnt let us down


                                7413: Nice


                                7390: BOOOMMMM!!!! BIG BOOM!! IT WORKED
WITH THE ATM FUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!! IT FUCKING WORKED!!!!!


                                7389: i saw a video on youtube
recommending you guys two days ago, some
carding stuff like that. I didnt know all these existed until this
afternoon i got my delivery package. This store is really the best of
the best


                                7388: happy birthday to you guys
imperial. I did not notice you are now
5years in this market. Mehh, it has been long we been doing business i
barely realised time passed this much. Rock on and keep doing what you
do! Bless you


                                7387: Imperial Market, you are the best
carding store i have ever met! i have
 tried many on the deepweb but there is something about the way you
handle your market, i am just lucky to meet you and i hope you stay
forever because i depend on you now


                                7386: the admin of this dir site should
please make it possible for us to
leave reviews with a username. This store is doing a big favour and job
with the kind of service they render. Let them know the real customers
coming here to showing love. Sometimes these negative bad reviews can be
 confusing. We dont know if maybe some competitor store is trying to
confuse us with lies. Or what do you all think?


                                7385: thank you imperial market, i dont
know how to express my gratitude


                                7384: please do you have custom service
for cards. i mean if i want to
specially design a card with a custom balance? how much do you charge
for that?


                                7374: express delivery is shit fast!!!
fuckers i got my card in only less
24hrs, like u shit folks so established got a whole airline to
yourselves??


                                7373: thank you imperial market for
fixing the escrow. even it was quite slow
 the last time i used it but it works better, least made me feel safe
since it is my first time


                                7372: these cards are so amazing i swear
 it! i tried it on the ATM just as i
asked the cards worked totally, i just went yesterday night.. the
machine didnt even bring out a name. I was scared of the cam lol i went
on a hoody. Funny i even had no details, its just freaky good


                                7371: hello imperial, please i sent some
 mail as regards how i can purchase
in bulk, is there like some retail for your cards probably we do
business. The last ones you sent although i didnt tell  you i'd resell
but it was really profitable, i dont know if you found out but i am
coming out clean... i wanna buy more in volumes


                                7370: i have received the package
already, thank you imperial store is the best


                                7339: hello imperial. i have goten back
the refund for the bad mastercard
lastweek, the other two works very well but the first one have pin
issues. thanks for understanding


                                7338: keep up the great work imperial
market..... it is hard to find stores like this


                                7337: i am sorry but for the person
complaining about the paypal transfer,
are you sure it is from the same market? i bought from them too and it
worked fine, i was among those who had delay last week


                                7336: Finally got the cards! thank you
alot imperial market, although it is
kind of funny a man of my age getting stuffed animals as delivery but
all the same, thank you


                                7333: Imperial Support, I understand.
But I have Confirmation ID that shows I
 sent you money in BTC. I bought PayPal 500 product on 20.03. and still
nothing. Look at your email, maybe I got in Spam folder, I' writing to
you everyday. My email is drekoviic@dnmx.org Please, answer me on
email, I sent you money, you told me to wait 3 hours.. It past 13 days
and still nothing. I still believe in you.


                                7332: what happen to you guys onion link
 ?


                                7331: Imperial Support - I got it. But I
 have Confirmation ID that shows I
sent you money in BTC. I bought PayPal 500 product on 20.03.2019. and
still nothing. Look at your email, maybe I got in Spam folder, I'
writing to you everyday. My email is drekoviic@dnmx.org
Please, answer me on email, I sent you money, you told me to wait 3
hours.. It past 13 days and still nothing. I still believe in yo


                                7327: Many fake sites will try to take
advantage of our large customer base
to deceive customers and steal their money. We are saying this for the
first time exclusively, Yes! Hacking can be involved to ensure the cards
 are 100% anonymous. Who and Where are not our customers' concern! Our
cards are mostly shipped in magazines, stuffed animals or pet boxes
--- IMPERIAL SUPPORT


                                7326: Many fake sites will come here to
make us look bad, we are
professionals and we are able to identify real negative reviews from our
 real customers experiencing delivery issues and we are quick to solve
them. As well, we have fake negative review from competitors and we
normally ignore this, please do not be fooled by fake sites who
eventually come here to advertise  --- IMPERIAL SUPPORT


                                7325: Customers who had issues last week
 were because of the shipping
security complication we experienced. We had to spend more to make sure
the goods go through minimal inspection thus the delay. All cards were
eventually delivered. We are real and legit and as always, your
financial freedom is our success! --- IMPERIAL SUPPORT


                                7324: We have said it countless of
times. Our customers have gotten their
card delivered to them, if you indeed bought from us, forward your
order/transaction ID to our mail and we will attend to whatever issue
you have. MANY SCAM SITES COPY US! YOU HAVE TO BE CAREFUL OF WHERE YOU
ORDER! --- IMPERIAL SUPPORT


                                7307: Yes they are very real, i think
this is the only store online that does the right thing


                                7306: You must be some group of hackers
or something to be able to make cards
 like this because it  is so flawless, hardly do i have withdrawal
issues even though these cards have no name or something


                                7305: Good thing you fixed the card
delay, a friend of mine who was gonna buy
 last week was feeling unlucky for the whole delay. I'll always
recommend you because this store is doing a great job


                                7304: i am so happy imperial market,
thank you for this so much!!! i am so excited


                                7300: All order shipping delay have been
 taken care of and cards have been
shipped to all our pending customers, please kindly mail your
tracking/order ID for any help on delivery delay but as we speak right
now, all cards have been dispatched and should be received very soon. We
 apologize for the delay, we have had a lot of customer traffic this
last weeks --- IMPERIAL SUPPORT


                                7299: this is surely the best store here
 online


                                7298: okay we are good to go now, i just
 got my card deliveries not too long
today. Sorry about the negatives. I have a lot of worry and the card was
 on my mind


                                7295: thank you for the mastercards
imperial store. You are truly the best


                                7277: thank u very very much imperial
market, my order did arrive not too long ago. i am very very happy for
this


                                7276: The delivery delay is understood
but you really should up our balance for this one you know


                                7275: i really love the idea of this
card, really nice perks on this one


                                7235: We understand the reactions and
apologize for the delay in the last
48hours, we have been tightening security on our shipping channel as we
now have news that the goods inspection are more tight and we have to
fix this. The new cards may be received in magazines or pet boxes. We
will always work to satisfy our customers -- IMPERIAL SUPPORT


                                7234: Thank you very much imperial
market, i got my mastercard not too long
back. thank you so much for the refund on the other one too, i am not
sure what went wrong with it, i must have messed up with the pin you
gave me


                                7233: I'm sorry for the outburst i have
mailed you back and i have receive
the cards eventually you know hw anoying it is when the delay gets in my
 head . i am sorry


                                7027: i know you'd recognize me already,
 i am the buyer who couldnt give
reasons while i contacted you. Its for my security, but i just really
want to say thank you. You helped me disappear and start a new life.
Good thing you did such service on d darkweb instead. I am humbly
grateful


                                7026: Life investment, see money roll
over. I swear i never thought this shit was real!! How the fuck do you
guys do this????


                                7025: This is the most flexible platform
 i have negotiated with, i guess the
real truth is just to spend wisely, cos for this to just keep happening,
 more money. i dont know if this is forever


                                7024: this store is just my get away
ticket to serious money, i always bless
the day i met you people. Its hard to believe this type of thing really
exists due to all these scam talk everywhere. I dont even know what else
 to say


                                7023: my purchase order was a bit slow
the last time, i think switching to
express delivery was better, thanks so much for ur support


                                6979: This is certainly what i term zero
 to hero, you guys have no idea what
you are really doing, its beyond monetary service or business. You are
changing lives more than you can imagine, i'm telling you big time!


                                6978: just a student and this is my
first ever thousand in my bank account, i
 have never owned such amount unless sent from my parents for school
fees and other expenses. I cannot believe i could actually have this
amount in my account


                                6977: so is true that when there's life,
 there's hope. I have finally found the light at the end of my tunnel


                                6976: Only one problem with the card is,
 I like to know when the payment is
due when I look at my balance, it does not give a date anywhere or how
much is due until I get my statement in the mail.


                                6944: Your store is truly upstanding and
 is behind its product 100%. Absolutely wonderful!


                                6943: Lol i just won a dare with my
wife, i am not surprised she lost cos she
 wouldnt believe i could get so much money in short time. I told her i'd
 give her 3grand by weekend yesterday .. lol she still took the money
after she lost! women haah


                                6942: so this is how some people will
just get stupidly rich and we wont understand how possible it was. smh,
where have i been?


                                6896: I JUST TRIED IT AT AN ATM MACHINE
THIS NIGHT... DAMN SHIT!!! IT
WORKED!!!! LIKE I DONT KNOW HOW BUT THE MACHINE DIDNT SHOW LIKE A NAME
OR SOMETHING, JUST WENT STRAIGHT TO LIKE WHERE I SELECT AMOUNT TO
WITHDRAW!!! REAL CASH ACTUALLY CAME OUT, I CANNOT EVEN CONTAIN HOW HAPPY
 I AM ON THIS


                                6895: You are a very amazing store!!!!!!
 I always use your card to finance
very expensive items. Specifically,  that it now has a long term no
interest financing for up to a year because normally I wouldn't be able
to afford these items otherwise.


                                6894: I agree this is a really great
card, great deal but very easy to over
extend ones self without financial discipline, best just use with care
for me


                                6885: I would like to to see more
information on the bill, particularly how
much I should pay to avoid fees. PayPal, for example, makes it easier
for me to figure out what is due for promotional purchases. It will be
great if you add that into the system of your carding


                                6884: your finance has really helped my
life, it opened a new world to me.
How i think, how i do things have really changed and grown under your
financial back up


                                6883: I was late on my payment due to a
family emergency. I called customer
service and their team was great at taking off any interest and late
payment once I paid my previous balance in full. I am very grateful


                                6876: First, I have utilized the card
extensively and never had a bad
experience with it. When I would contact you guys for any questions
regarding usage of the card or on any product purchased with the card,
the results of such inquiries was always positive. I feel really
financially confident and good about recommending the card.


                                6875: One of the things I like the most
about this card is that you see
exactly the item that you purchased when you use the on-line account
management. I also like the automatic rebates. Nothing I have to do; the
 rebate just shows up on my statement at the end of the month


                                6874: ya'll are great, your there when I
 need your help even if I have to
maneuver through all these onion sites. I am not very computer literate.
 You've taken care of everything I've needed to do or wanted to do in
regards to buying and returning so i thank you 4 this


                                6873: The fact that you can purchase
practically any and everything online
and still withdraw on ATMs makes having this card worth it. I have not
had any issues even when I made returns my card has been credited right
away.


                                6872: Functions as it should. It's a
credit card, folks. Deferred payment
plan is great, but also offers the 5% incentive which is nice, too.
Statements are easy to follow and keep you on track for deferred payment
 status so you don't end up paying interest.


                                6844: Good job imperial market, keep up
the great work


                                6843: I personally read over one hundred
 reviews about this store and
admittedly was disturbed at a lot stories concerning payments not being
credited to accounts, slow payment process and all, however I must admit
 that my experience so far has been nothing but fantastic with them this
 year and i want to encourage them to get better because so many lives
depend on this, i know of mine surely


                                6842: Hello Customer, you do not need to
 feel like you have been scammed, we
have received tons of mails these past few weeks and we presume your
order may have been mistakenly skipped. We are deeply sorry, please
kindly resend us an email and if you already bought and you have a
delivery delay, just send us your order/tracking ID. As always, your
financial freedom is our success! -- IMPERIAL SUPPORT


                                6841: I am really enjoying this
promotional period. Happy 5 years to you
guys!!! i've never been a happier customer on the darkweb of all places


                                6840: so far so good, i think you are
doing fine and i have not begun to
suspect anything yet. I am always careful where i put my money but on
this case since i started with a $300 credit limit and i have raised to
$1000 and you are still here, i think i can confidently recommend this
store


                                6839: I have had this card for about 3
or 4 weeks now and I think it is the
greatest thing. It is so convenient, and they always send a reminder of
my payment due and I always try to make sure I have plenty of a balance
before I order anything usually cos most times when i renew, it just
loads up on my already balance, is it safe for me to move this money to a
 bank account?


                                6823: THIS IS A SCAM


                                6813: I enjoy this card I just wish I
had a higher limit but that's my own
doing. It makes it easy to place orders I don't have to fumble for
anything and I can just pay it off when I get paid


                                6812: Great payment option, the very
best card you gonna find anywhere!!!


                                6811: Very happy with the card but
unhappy how the cash back policy keeps
changing. First, it was automatically applied to my account at the end
of each period. Then you changed it so I had to optionally apply it to
to purchases or cash back. Now I have to apply it toward my balance but
it doesn't post until the next payment period. Why are you messing up
something that was okay for me before? Fix it!


                                6805: Living in a smaller town, I've
always been limited to shopping locally.
 You guys opened up a whole new world of shopping, and in 1 year of
monthly shopping, I've only had one bad experience - one which, I should
 add, your customer service took very seriously today and did all they
could to remedy, even giving me a full refund, when the seller i used my
 mastercards for wouldn't. Thank you so much


                                6804: Just got my card and the set up on
 line was very smooth and upon
completion it showed my present statement with purchases and it also
showed the link I could click on to pay my present balance right then
even though I had not yet received my first bill on line. Don't
understand some of the negativity some people have written about this
card really


                                6803: I actually also do enjoy having
this store card. I can be flexible with
 my options such as having no interest on higher priced items where the
deferred interest saves me more than the 5% cash back.


                                6802: my credit line just increased all
of a sudden!!!! wow i am so happy for
 this recognition, i will continue to buy from you imperial


                                6742: I saw some of the skeptics here
and i can say I have been using this
card since 2016 when I was first offered 24 month financing on any item.
 I only use it for financing and does require a little math if you have
several items financed at different times and you want to pay them off
before the promotional expiration date. I have automatic bill pay setup
in my checking account too to make it easy


                                6728: I love the convenience of checking
 out quickly using this credit card.
The monthly minimums are very low so far on my balance. The only
problems are one of my banks blocked payment but that is not your fault.
 And I tried to make an extra payment mid month and was unable to do so
since I had made my monthly payment already. Those are really just
niggly and overall it is a credit card i always use


                                6727: This is a wonderful mastercard. I
wish I had been notified that the
balance of my $600 credit was going to expire. I had initially spent a
little over $2100 and was counting on the balance, but when I was going
to use it, it had expired, and I wasn't aware, or had forgotten, that
there was an expiration date. Communication that it was about to expire
would have been appreciated.


                                6726: Great card but billing lacks
critical detail and i feel you should work
 more on the weekly statements for the card, i shop a lot and i tend to
get confused on the statement. I would prefer if you structure that
better but keep up the great work


                                6703: I have only had the credit card
since February, but I have never had a
problem or complaint. Interest is high, but I expected that when I
applied. I am 67 and had little to no credit when I decided to try you
guys, and let me tell everyone it is one of the best things I've done in
 a long time. When I have an emergency or problem I know I can fix it in
 2 days no charge, that is great when you'r old


                                6702: I am soo very excited to be able
to have your store card! I have read
other reviews that are negative and all I can say is the problem is not
with your card. I am on a limited budget of SS each month and before
getting your card I was not able to have most of the "wants", and only
part of what I really needed. You have designed a card that allows me to
 purchase items far too easily


                                6671: is this site real?????


                                6646: Great partner in crime for this
store... What other credit card out there offers ENDLESS 0% financing?
:P


                                6645: I like this card, and I really
enjoy the earnings on it. That part is
simple. I did hit a snag though. I believe they sent me a physical card
which I destroyed, since I thought it would be useless. However when I
try to order things to a different address, it asks for the card number
again which I don't have, please i need help on this who knows about it?


                                6636: Hello customer, always bear in
mind that your financial freedom is our
success and if you have experienced transaction issues, please mail us
with your order/tracking ID and we will be glad to assist promptly --
IMPERIAL SUPPORT


                                6619: The card is a good choice for me. I
 paid for the card and i really had
to anyway because my husband died about six months ago, and had to ditch
 all our debt while we recover from this loss. It is good to spend slow,
 pay off monthly balances and avoid balances so high one can not pay
them off quickly but above all i am grateful to everyone who said the
truth about this store


                                6618: A good store card that works
exactly as expected with good customer service.


                                6617: Be sure you know what you're
doing. Promotional financing offers are
great IF you pay them off before the accumulating interest hits you.
It's a great way for me to keep my budget in balance but still make
larger purchases when I want/need them. I also like to use store cards
for convenience and budgeting for everyday and smaller purchases.


                                6616: Love the 5% credit on this bill
every month for online purchases.


                                6610: Thank you guys, i have gotten mine


                                6595: no its not a scam ooooo, ah scam
never, i will never in my life be
among those to speak ill of this store. What i am very sure of is that
it is scam shops that hate them will come here and speak bad...... i
have been buying from them for almost 3 weeks straight now and i can
tell you my bank balance is not a joke anymore. I dont even have much to
 say because i am not a person of words


                                6592: thank you alot imperial you have
done something i can never forget in
my life with this card i got today. i am only waiting for my wife to get
 back from work


                                6558: Please it is most important you
mail us with your order/tracking ID so
that we can verify, investigate the transactions and correct any error.
Any competing shop can come here to leave fake negative reviews. We will
 be expecting your mails. Sorry once again for the inconvenience --
IMPERIAL SUPPORT


                                6557: We always treat our customers like
 royalty, we are deeply sorry for any
 mix up. Please do mail us with any issues on your order and we will be
happy to correct this -- IMPERIAL SUPPORT


                                6554: Hello,  we are deeply sorry for
any inconvenience you may have
experienced during the course of our transaction. Please forward your
Order/Tracking ID if you have received any via our contact on our
website. We will be happy to correct this. Your financial freedom is our
 success!


                                6532: amazing, my cards also got
delivered just in time. no wonder you are topping it!!!


                                6523: i dont know what to say, my
friends really laughing at me on this one.
They actually told me about this service but i thought they were
bullshitting me and making fun of me cos i normally have been scammed
alot on the dark web. You totally proved me wrong, i cannot tell you how
 happy i am and i can actually tell them drinks on me today


                                6516: i also just received my first
cards. i was so shaky tracking the order
ID always but i am glad they have finally arrived. so much relief all
these scam shops lying around make someone scared


                                6470: marvel at financial art! this shop
 is the fucking best


                                6469: i normally wouldnt have come to
say thanks because this is not my first
 time finding services that do help people but i just had to on this
one. This is the first time i will receive something this spectacular.
The card's balances were just unimaginable, i am so happy i cannot tell
how happy i am. I am just confused and i want you to know my good wishes
 are forever with you imperial market


                                6460: Your card is the best investment
I've made in years! Not only did I
receive free shipping on thousand of items and the 5% off sale but also
have access to some of the best card programming there is on the market
today! Ease of use is fabulous for sure... M proud to know you guys


                                6453: I just got my cards finally, i got
 the mail beep on my phone and you really dont want to know how hard i
rushed home


                                6452: I love the credit card. However I
am in a predicament that won't allow
me to pay my bill. I am unable to setup my card because I was never sent
 an actual card, therefore I don't have all the numbers to setup my
account. Any help you may provide would be gratefully appreciated


                                6412: oh my goodness!!!!!! the card
balance is crazy, i didnt even know what
to do at first because it had covered my imaginations. If you are really
 going to be supplying me this forever, i really suggest it stays on the
 low because i think too much people on this would ruin it all


                                6411: my cards did come as said it will,
 i am very happy i trusted you. All
fake shops on darkweb can now go to hell as far as m  concerned


                                6387: i have only come to show
appreciation for helping me achieve one of my
dreams. i always longed to own a s class benz and today it is a reality,
 thanks so much imperial


                                6252: This is my favorite store on the
planet, bar none!


                                6249: This is the most convenient card. I
 appreciate it so much. It has made
my shopping and payment so easy! I'm not sure what I would do without
it. One click, and ordering to payment is complete.
Thank you for accepting me into imperial store card!!! I am very lucky
to be here


                                5932: I thought all these reviews were
fake, i was really scared to try you
guys even as now that there are many similar services out there that
have scammed me before. Even though my purchase was small, i'm really
glad you proved yourself true. Thanks for still putting me on the 5% off
 promotion. Bless you Imperial


                                5809: Using this card is a breeze, and
the choice between no interest
financing and statement credits is genius. The only negative I've
encountered is that it seems to take a couple days for a payment to be
credited to my account. I wish that happened faster.


                                5807: I love the ease of having this
card. I don't need to leave home because
 of it. I can order almost anything I need with it and it arrives
promptly. Unless it's an immediate emergency I get to avoid the hassle
and going to a crowded store and have that 1 or more hours to
concentrate on my business. I could do without any card but not this one


                                5711: great !


                                5676: I love this store card. I use it
on everything I buy. great customer
service whenever I needed assistance with any problems I had. Also earn
5% back with every purchase on the card which allows me to use on my
next order. Thank you guys


                                5675: The experience has been great with
 GE, they provide good promotions,
but I honestly wish they had better offers and longer terms, overall the
 experience has been good, have taken advantage of several offers, I
would have liked to have an offer to convert the regular card to a
imperial card especially after being such a long time client


                                5674: Soooo easy to use - and stellar
Customer Service


                                5673: I signed up for this card 3 months
 ago. I was skeptical at first
because of the bad ratings I have read. I had no problem with it all.
It's very easy to read and follow the instructions.


                                5672: The credit card I had thought I
could never get was just minutes away
and all I had to do was submit a request to have one. It was you all.
Now I had a home shopping card and didnt have to leave home. Thank You
Imperial.


                                5671: Good beginners credit card, great
start for me


                                5670: The ease of the prime card is just
 astonishing, thanks for stepping it up


                                5669: I do love having the store card. I
 wish that they could provide better
protection when a company does not stand behind their product when you
order through them.


                                5668: I'm 100% pleased and I hope to
stay that way


                                5667: If you shop online fairly, then
this card is a no-brainer


                                5666: I use them all the time and I love
 that when I use my card I get 5%
cash back on everything. It's also very easy to redeem your cash back.


                                5665: I adore ur services with all my
heart, i cannot forget what you have done for me


                                5664: 3 years now and still no single
issue. Great professionalism



                                5663: Great card, good company! but I
honestly don't know why I took so long to be a Imperial prime card
member


                                5662: You guys have so much to
offer...shopping can be done anytime of day,
night, early morning. Prices are great! The imperial card is my "Ace in
the hole". Thanks!


                                5661: It has great benefits; it allows
for interest free purchasing if a
certain dollar amount is used and paid off during a specified period of
time.


                                5660: Love getting 5% back on my
purchases, because I am an obsessive online shopper (lol). 5% off
everything? How cool is that.


                                5659: I was very skeptical with this as I
 have never been comfortable ordering
 online in the past. However this has been the best experience I could
have imagined. Fellow coworkers were using your cards and thought let me
 try this out. Never regretted my decision.


                                5658: I got my card to replace my 50
inch TV that suddenly went out after 5
years. I hope my new one last another 5 years. I didn't have to demolish
 my monthly budget or dig into savings. The 24 month no interest
financing on a $1000 purchase is far more generous than I need. I have
also since used it to purchase a new professional camera for my business
 Wonderful tool. Great terms. Just use it properly


                                5657: I really wish I could make a
payment on the card using my debit card. I
 don't understand why companies have switched to checking account
information. I refuse to put my checking account information online. I
call every month to use my debit card to make my payment. It is a
hassle. Other than that, everything else is wonderful.


                                5656: It works great especially in
connection with a Prime membership. I
don't like the high interest rate so I pay the card off every month.


                                5655: Now who isn't it for? If you are
attracted to the 6mo grace period just
 move along. If you have debt problems and rotate credit cards , you
don't need more of them. Use the credit , don't let the credit use you.


                                5654: This store's card is great! I've
been a customer for years, and have
zero problems with the card correctly tracking special "no interest "
periods on certain purchases or notifications of payment a due. Very
good administration.


                                5653: Anyone with half a brain paying
attention to the amounts and due dates
can really benefit of spreading the cost of costly goods over several
months, interest free.


                                5652: By far better than the other store
 cards that i have used


                                5651: The card. I have no, none, zero
complaints. I think it's ALL good.
Highly recommended. A good credit builder too for the beginner, and
re-builder for those starting over.


                                5650: fantastic. In the two years i have
 been using these guys cards, i have had no single issue


                                5649: I like the your cards because it
offers a choice of breaking up the
payment of items over a certain price and making equal monthly payments
over a certain length of time without being charged interest if the
arrangement is met.


                                5648: This has always been the best
credit card in my wallet!!!



                                5647: free at last from the big box
stores with their high rices and limited items.


                                5646: First, the obvious, the fear is
awful, but most of us are probably in
the same position of having fair to good credit and are used to credit
cards with terrible interest. It is so nice having a credit card that
has good rewards and the convenience of having access to a gazillion
everyday items and/or special items that I could not afford on regular
credit card.


                                5645: i dont even need to say much on
this one, i just got it.. its no brain decision. totally worth it


                                5644: Love this guys so much! I grew up
in a family that grew their own
vegetables and fruits. My parents always had a big garden and my mother
used a canner like this to can vegetables to put up for the winter
months. Without this product, our family wouldn't have had what we did.
It's very easy to use and very beneficial. There isnt a negative thing
to be said about this product. They never disappoint


                                5643: I love this store. Card is a
fantastic perk. I have to admit, I was a
little late to everything. I cant believe what I was missing! Once I
started, it was like a whole new world!!! It was within a week, I
inquired and my riches was approved


                                5642: Thank you so much for your help. I
 hope this lasts long


                                5641: i now see why scammers are always
aiming to pull them down, this money
is way too much to deal with. My family has changed in such short time


                                5640: their attitude towards my doubt
was just amazing, i got my first cards
today. they were so calm and understanding. It is evident these people
are real business owners and are professionals


                                5639: you have compensated me for all my
 losses over the years, i cant even
remember i was once scammed by losers. The truth is just ever different.
 Bless you so much


                                5638: this is what i have been looking
for!! wow!! i am dumbfounded


                                5637: you really got me scared at first,
 thought i would never get my card
delivery. I am happy you proved my thoughts wrong. I am already a
customer certainly


                                5636: Approaching everything around me
now with a different perspective, if
these cards that i never imagined could be true are actually real, i
dont know what else could be true, i cant miss opportunities


                                5635: it is real, it is really real.
this is a dream honestly, when i saw the
 mail pop on my droid, i was actually in d middle of an argument with my
 son, he was confused when i hugged him. money fixes everything really


                                5634: i appreciate the cards so much,
imperial has fixed my life. My wife that was sick, now i can take care
of her very well


                                5633: Came back on to appreciate these
guys and i keep seeing bad talk
everywhere, it is evident they are the scammer, you simply want to
confuse people. Take your fake talk away from here. Imperial always
rules!


                                5632: my cards had an extra when i got
my delivery, please as the policy
implies on refunding, how do i refund the extra card or could it be a
bonus cos today is also my birthday


                                5631: Bought my 4th car for the new
year, and its a crazy chevrolet!!!!! even
 though my little girl wants to take it, but i need to let you guys know
 what you have done to my family, this is amazing


                                5630: I'm always a bit leery about
offers such as this but I've been proved
totally wrong! I mean just about everyone enjoys saving a buck here and
there but having the free 2nd day shipping apply to just about all the
purchases I've made over the last few months has more than paid for the
membership fee. In many cases the item has arrived the next day!! Bravo
Imperial


                                5629: I love my imperial store card. It
is a convenience and easy payment
option for on-line purchases. I also like the fact that you can receive
interest free for 6 or 12 months, depending on the amount purchased or a
 cash discount/credit.


                                5628: If there is ever an issue,
Customer Support is extremely responsive and helpful.


                                5627: I recommend the card to all
deepweb surfers!


                                5626: Using this store card is extremely
 convenient.


                                5625: When I first started out with only
 a limited amount to spend with a
credit card, I would always miss out on something I really wanted. Of
course everyone else wanted it too.


                                5624: I am pretty pleased with my card.
It gives a 5% Cash/Credit Back or an
option of 6 months, interest free financing on purchases of $100 or
more, and that's really good.


                                5623: This is the only card I use when I
 shop online, and a lot of online
retailers are accepting this card as well. Very satisfied Card holder


                                5622: If you shop online as I do, then
you should have this fantastic card.


                                5621: Very good card, convenient for
budgeting


                                5620: Clean, easy to use interface. Easy
 to find where to pay the bill, what
the amount is, activity is, etc. You can setup alerts, etc. There's
nothing bad you CAN say. I guess it might be nice to have the statement
credits queue up, but even that is a silly statement. Who wants to be
paid later?


                                5619: Please hasten the deliveries, the
cards need to get on time cos there
are so many finances i have put in ground to sort. Please work on this
guys


                                5618: I have this card principally for
the opportunity to buy more expensive
items using the 6 or 12 month free interest payment option. Using that
option I have bought everything from computers to water heaters.


                                5617: Where Do I Begin.....Imperial card
 is a life saver! I'm hooked on a few things that I bought through these
 guys


                                5616: So far I am satisfied with the
service that I get. I just have one
question. Why does it take so long when I make a payment for it to be
credited to my account?


                                5615: I really appreciate having this as
 an option to pay for things. It's
really nice when there's an unexpected need or a forgotten gift to
purchase.


                                5614: The Imperial Card has been an
excellent tool for me to make necessary purchases.


                                5613: I like using my store card. Every
gift I send my sisters and brother plus friends they tell me how nice
the gifts are


                                5612: The store card suits my credit
needs in my retirement. It's my choice
over any of the cards that I 'm hounded to sign up for all the time.


                                5611: I have never regretted one day of
ever getting my own store card.
Although there is a yearly fee, I have made that money back many times
over in free shipping, statement credits


                                5610: I was late on my payment due to a
family emergency. I called customer
service and their team was great at taking off any interest and late
payment once I paid my previous balance in full. I was very grateful. I
also like that the card will have promotions where you will get more
than 5% on some items online


                                5609: I have a...couple of store cards
(much to my husband's dismay!) and
your cards is definitely my favorite. Simplicity is a blessing in
managing a card and Imperial has made it a breeze.


                                5608: 5% off already low purchases???
Why wouldn't you use this. While I
can't speak to interest rates or payments I can say that if you can
handle your finances and don't carry a balance on this, the card it is
ridiculously good. 5% off of everything


                                5607: Great card but It still requires a
 little managing and there are
options to select, such as pay non-deferred interest items first then
promotional items or the other way round. I think I would like to see a
list of items that I have paid or are paying interest as I do
occasionally use this card by accident and I don't always want to dig
through all the statements.


                                5606: I had a promotional balance and a
regular purchase balance and they
took some of the payment towards the promotional balance leaving the
other balance not fully paid which led to a interest charge that I
didn't expect.


                                5605: this is by far the most useful
card in my wallet, if i ever forgot it. it feels like my life's been
taken away lol


                                5604: Thank you so much imperial store,
this is a big opportunity for me


                                5603: I don't get the bad reviews. So
many people saying the payments did not
 go through or its tough to find the payment source. That's a bunch of
malarkey. I have made over 20 payments already in less than 6 months.


                                5602: I like the versatility of the card
 and, of course, the reward aspect.


                                5601: I like that I don't have to dig
around looking for my credit or debit
card. This card makes it very easy to shop and the 5% cash back makes it
 even better for me


                                5600: Keep in mind, when you open your
account this card becomes the default
payment for your orders but you can change your payment method anytime.
I personally depend on these reviews to help in making decisions when
buying items or applying for credit


                                5599: I love the flexibility your store
card gives me in paying over time. It
 is a valuable benefit. The best deals are the ones where you get to pay
 over time with no expiration date. I just continue to pay every month
until i am finished, same as cash.


                                5598: Take it to the next level, you
guys will have so much customers!! cos
what I wish for, is I have another credit card with an app that has an
option to send an alert to my phone immediately for each transaction.
This makes it so easy, because I don't need to remember anything, it
comes within a minute of the transaction, and so I see it and can
confirm it's mine.


                                5597: your cards allow me to control my
expenditures as if I were paying cash
 as they aren't intermingled with my large expenses. I wish all on-line
vendors had a store card option


                                5596: got a refund in a timely manner
and they helped me order what I
wanted. And don't get me started on how GREAT Imperial is. I am a
teacher and I order a lot online with their cards. It is very convenient
 and returns if necessary, are a breeze. I ordered some solar eclipse
glasses for my classroom with the cards


                                5595: Thanks, my orders have arrived
again! Thank you so much for your help.
Thank you for making it painless, pleasant and most of all hassle free!
Best. Product. Ever!


                                5594: late night deliveries work
perfectly since i switched. a mail at midnight for orders seems perfect
and faster for me


                                5593: i already feel on top of the
world. Is this what money does to people?
like i dont even know what to say anymore. The rate at which i shop is
scary


                                5592: took my first major bold step and
it has paid off for me. i didnt know i
 had such balls, i was so scared to try you people at first. now m
quiting my job


                                5591: its better you use express
delivery if u stay in uk. i noticed its faster when m there


                                5590: who can help me with the best
order channel, i stopped using escrow
after it was a bit slow, should i switch to express delivery?


                                5589: i just withdrew and it worked.
asin money actually came out of the atm,
 i am in utter disbelief right now, i am so shocked i thought all this
was a joke


                                5588: your amazon cards are on better
rates for bulk, i can certainly use
this to improve my business, give out some cards for the new year


                                5587: i cannot thank you enough for
this, please keep doing more


                                5586: soft and calculated, you people
are very professional. i am happy with
your services, 3 years plus now and i have not even had a reason to
search for a job. it has been imperial money ever since


                                5585: i won a bet right now, just
yesterday i couldnt afford a PS4, my
friends didnt know i got your cards today, they didnt even believe it
was real. They were shocked when i ordered it, i won their money and
even beat them at soccer


                                5584: i am filled with appreciation and
love for your cards, i am very happy
and i hope you do more, please do not ever quit the service


                                5583: Your cards simply save me money
and time. I dont have time to do all
these heavy physical shopping.. just order, sit and wait. Its always
been my style


                                5582: This is going to be a huge help
for me and it looks good on my credit report! Thank you imperial


                                5581: It is so easy to use the card, and
 I like the cash back feature that
can be applied to orders as you place them. And the 0% financing for
qualified purchases is a real plus.


                                5580: I think the imperial store card
has a fair system of charging. I you
don't pay within the 6 or 12 months limits you will have to pay for the
amount "unpaid" which has accrued some interest charges.


                                5579: I love the 5% in statement credit,
 the card is automatically added to your account and it never expires.
Works as expected.


                                5578: Credit Line Increased without
Asking.... Awesome!!


                                5577: This is a great card. Ive gotten 2
 Credit increases in the past 8 months.


                                5576: Applying for this card was the
best credit decision I ever made.


                                5575: You can use the credit on both the
 store card and the Chase card as an
account balance credit instead of using it to purchase an item - the
choice is yours!


                                5574: I don't understand why you'd give
this less than 5 Stars. 5 Freaking
Percent, automatically applied to your account every month.


                                5573: I totally love the benefit you
people offer me weekly


                                5572: I love my Imperial Store Card, it
makes it so easy to keep a eye on my
online purchases, its all in one place. The rebates are great and can be
 applied right to my purchases if I wish. I can even set a alert to keep
 a eye on my balance.


                                5571: This card is great for buying
expensive items online that YOU KNOW FOR SURE YOU CAN PAY OFF BEFORE THE
 PROMOTION.


                                5570: The "cash back" feature has saved
me lots of money since I use the card
 for many of my daily needs. I got a new car seat for almost free


                                5569: Love, love, love having a card to
shop at my favorite on line place.
Makes it easy to shop, it's secure and its easy to keep up with balance
and make a payment. And no interest!


                                5568: As a customer I have nothing to
worry about as far as interest.Keeping track of those dates is up to me
as a customer.


                                5567: This is no different than the
other cards that I have that offer
deferred interest. Pay off the entire balance of the first payment
before you add to it. You don't just pay that first one off, but if you
add to it the entire balance has to be zero before you don't have the
interest accrue, not just the first balance you bought


                                5566: I have the card. What a blessing! I
 love this way of shopping. I use
this quite frequently and even in emergencies, gifts that I forgot to
get, things that I need at a moment's notice or just anything I like. I
am so glad I am able to have this convenience. The credit line is
generous, the payments are feasible and the shopping on line is the
greatest.


                                5565: It is really hard now for me to
keep track of my spending


                                5564: FINANCE ANY DAMN THING ONLINE!


                                5563: You guys have opened a new world
to me totally


                                5562: very good card, my only wish is
for you to enable audible purchases online with this card


                                5561: Its allowed me to do so much! It
was given to me at a time when I
didn't have the best credit thanks to some choices I made re: credit
cards while I was in college. When the option was presented to me to
apply for your card, I saw it as an opportunity to still be able to get
some of the things I desired and as a way to rebuild my credit in a
responsible way.


                                5560: READ, be disciplined, and
understand that this is a credit card and not
 credit.  Unless you want to go the risk of withdrawing from the
machines or bank, and for me, i live in a big crime city, m too scared
to risk such


                                5559: This prime card is great! Easy to
use, easy to pay. I had read some
reviews before applying and some weren't great in regards to making
payments, but I have no problem.


                                5558: there was a misunderstanding about
 something I had considered but then
didn't purchase. It was resolved very easily with no arguments or monkey
 business. Another plus for this card system - way better than most.
Thanks for the attention really


                                5557: I've read a few of the reviews on
here and I must be one of the lucky
ones because I have not had a single problem with this card. I
frequently make 2-3 purchases a month using the store card and have
never had an issue with it


                                5556: It also makes me a little nervous
knowing that there is no expiration
date on the card. It's nice I don't have to renew it, but at the same
time I don't buy a lot with it so if someone stole it from me I may not
know for quite a while.


                                5555: Easy way to finance big purchases,
 get money back for everything else.


                                5554: As for this card, I have had it
for a few months and have had no
problems. It is a higher interest card just like other store cards but
you can choose 5% off on any order so this helps a little to offset
that.


                                5553: best solid star card i ever got. M
 glad i signed up for this


                                5552: No problems with this card so far.
 I set up automatic payments, so I
don't need to worry about paying on time, and this works as expected.


                                5551: Other then that little snafu i had
 use. gosh i feel so poor now lol...this is one if the best credit card
I've ever had


                                5550: As long as you pay at least the
minimum payment each month, you won't
be penalized. The best part is you get cash back to use on future
purchases. There's an option to apply that cash conveniently located at
check out. The list of things I like about this card could go on and on -
 I have yet to have a bad experience or a reason to even contact their
customer care team.


                                5549: I can't say enough about you guys.
 I love the value more and more each
day because it makes my life a lot easier. I absolutely have no regrets!



                                5548: i was about to find out if large
numbers can be bought.. thanks rare view


                                5547: i bought a whole dozen and not a
single card messed up!! this is the
first carding service that has delivered such accuracy for me.. wow
thumbs up


                                5546: havent they stopped advertising
already? to be honest i keep having the
 feeling FBI gonna catch these guys and our source will run up. please
take it off the internet please! we will keep buying


                                5545: this is the first time i will
experience such money, i dont even know hw to thank you guys, this is a
blessing


                                5544: m also a student, and i must say
that you have made me see how life is
beautiful, i feel very responsible of myself now. Not having to depend
on my parents, i even provide for them now


                                5543: my engineering project in college
was the most achieved project, i
could fund everything, in fact i have been recommended for international
 publication, i cant express how happy i am enough, thank you so much
imperial


                                5542: my house was on mortgage just last
 year and now i'm in the clear and
free, even though i havent bought so much to buy a new house, i can
already tell its not far off anymore with you people around


                                5541: my card deliveries delayed too,
seems others who travel alot are complaining about the delay after
changing country


                                5540: i cannot finish thanking you
people. you are blessing to me already


                                5539: growing up was pretty hard for me,
 i guess my luck was learning
hacking, someway now i am in d darknet and i found you guys, you have
become my stepping stone to further greatness. i feel fulfilled really


                                5538: I need to find out if these cards
can be ordered as a surprise present,
 i need to know the anonymity of the business so i dont screw things up.
 Is this legit to an extent or personal profit. please i just asked, no
need to lash, other than this, i love ur service alot!


                                5537: I love having this card. I feel
that it is more secure than using
another kind of payment on any site, it is fast because the information
is stored with you guys since i dont have any details or control to
whatever account this money comes from and I get credit to use on future
 purchases! I love the system really


                                5536: I love, love LOVE my new store
card!!!! I've been with imperial since
2014 and to have this line of credit is a big help!!! I love the way I
can buy now and make payments especially if I make a large purchase I
can pay it off in time.


                                5535: I've only had the imperial store
card for about a month and a half, but
 now that I've got it I ask myself "What took you so long?"


                                5534: Couldn't ask for a better way to
track purchases online.
Very happy with it so far. Had it for 2 years now.


                                4115: Where Do I Begin.....Imperial card
 is a life saver! I'm hooked on a few things that I bought through these
 guys


                                4113: I have this card principally for
the opportunity to buy more expensive
items using the 6 or 12 month free interest payment option. Using that
option I have bought everything from computers to water heaters.


                                4108: Please hasten the deliveries, the
cards need to get on time cos there
are so many finances i have put in ground to sort. Please work on this
guys


                                4106: Clean, easy to use interface. Easy
 to find where to pay the bill, what
the amount is, activity is, etc. You can setup alerts, etc. There's
nothing bad you CAN say. I guess it might be nice to have the statement
credits queue up, but even that is a silly statement. Who wants to be
paid later?


                                4104: Very good card, convenient for
budgeting


                                4101: If you shop online as I do, then
you should have this fantastic card.


                                4099: This is the only card I use when I
 shop online, and a lot of online
retailers are accepting this card as well. Very satisfied Card holder


                                4096: I am pretty pleased with my card.
It gives a 5% Cash/Credit Back or an
option of 6 months, interest free financing on purchases of $100 or
more, and that's really good.


                                4094: When I first started out with only
 a limited amount to spend with a
credit card, I would always miss out on something I really wanted. Of
course everyone else wanted it too.


                                4092: Using my store card is extremely
convenient.


                                4052: For the fact that i have been
scammed multiple times and i didn't know
what to do anymore. Just when i was about to throw in the towel, i found
 these guys. I don't know who you really but i want to say thank you.
Thank you.


                                4049: I am very happy happy to have
found these guys. They doing some good job i tell you.


                                4046: Whoever told you that life will be
 easy, that person was lying to you
but whoever told you that if you find these guys, life will be easy,
that person is telling the truth.

I am always gonna be ordering my cards here.

Don't dull yo.


                                4044: I have a question but before that,
 your team is really legit. Didn't
think I'd find y'all. Why do you take time to respond to emails? Asides
this, i don't have a problem with any of your services. It's excellent.


                                4035: I believe this is hope for people
like me. I just bought a western
union transfer for $99 and i received my transfer after 3hrs. It is
actually amazing


                                4033: Super service. I think i was lucky
 to get into the Christmas discount. How awesome.

I pray you're never discovered by this dumb officials. You have just
made my day.


                                4031: Is it possible to refill a card?
Really appreciate for this service.


                                4027: I think i can assure myself that i
 will buy a Porsche after a year
ordering from these guys. Honestly man because i am speechless. This is
really great.


                                4025: I don't know how you do it but
this is really great. Instruction on how
 to withdraw is not even complicated. Really nice. Keep up


                                4023: There were so many of these
markets i couldn't trust because i got
scammed twice. Was very skeptical about this one until i decided to take
 the risk. I am happy to tell you that i do not regret and i have found
my redeemer.

Keep the job going. Your service is really good.


                                4015: Is it possible i can set
partnership with your services, so i can
resell through you? i wish to go through the right protocol so i dont
mess things up. This is good work


                                4012: the paypal cards are unbelievable,
 i just used it to buy goods on ebay
now and it actually went through. All was valid, i am certainly coming
back to buy more if these goods r actually delivered, if they are, i
dont know what to say. This is majestic


                                4007: These cards cannot be real, i
thought it was fake after i saw some scam
 reviews but i got my order today. I didnt think i would come back here
to say thanks, but really thank you


                                4005: trading was free money even though
 i do lose some of my trades and even
 capital, where have your cards been all these years... now i dont have
to do anything, just buy money, withdraw money. i'm stunned


                                4000: you refer to IQ option , i stopped
 sports betting completely after i
started buying the cards, its zero capital already and no risks. i buy
at least 4 to make sure i get money value, if one dont work fine, i
refund it as always


                                3995: i cry everyday i remember how
rough my start was, it is just so
different now, i dont even recognize myself because i never thought i
could make it this big. the world is so filthy now its difficult to know
 what is real or true. please keep doing what you do


                                3992: just so so happy, i finally
changed this stupid phone. i know more cards i buy now, i'll buy a car
one day


                                3990: i hit the club VIP level now.
Money recognition, TELL THEM
IMPERIAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


                                3982: i am short of words, all i can
really say is thank you. thank you with everything i am


                                3979: $3000 balance paypal card for just
 what?? thats nothing at all, you
giving so much value for almost no money. At this rate, i'll probably
shop the whole internet


                                3976: Enjoying the view currently with
familly in bahamas. No better feeling
than working from home, you people have helped me to establish something
 great and i cannot thank you as much as you deserve


                                3972: its a whole different ball game
now tbh. all these scammers out there can go to hell. these cards are
the real thing.


                                3968: my first car and i have come here
to say thanks. You made it happen guys


                                3963: I dont give a shit about bad talks
 here anymore. Am making real
money!!! that is all that matters to me. scammers can go suck their
dicks!!!


                                3959: I would like to personally thank
you for your outstanding product.


                                3958: All the low reviews are about
either customer service or random
chargesbut like, here is my thing, would we all have this card if it
was our first choice lmao? There is a literal better option thats
harder to be accepted too... I know this shop is the best


                                3956: Idk what everyone who rates this
card low is talking about. I wrote a
review bc I decided to get the card despite the reviews, and Im glad I
did, bc I knew it gfit my needs, but the bad reviews scared me.


                                3951: At first i thought this was a
joke, but just like any Credit Card I am
able to purchase necessary items in bulk, have them delivered in front
my door and pay a reasonable amount over an extensive period. Who could
ask for more? Ive been given an automatic increase just by using the
card and paying what I need to pay.


                                3945: Thank you so much for bringing me
out of the hole i was. These past
years have been terrible and i cannot explain how happy i am to have
found new success source


                                3942: Applied the card last November,
and got a credit line of $6000 and now
i'm over $20000, i cant believe this really, i've changed so much


                                3939: I've used your cards for my main
shopping experiences with never a
problem - best prices and always has my selections. Shipping promotions
etc. are superb as I'm an avid online shopper. I didn't need another
credit card so this store card with interest free financing is terrific.



                                3934: If you are able to manage your
finances then this card is excellent and
 gives you a lot of good purchasing power through one of the best
services out there, IMPERIAL!!!!!!!!


                                3930: imperial card is one of those
things that, if treated responsibly and
you keep a sharp eye on it, will allow you to leverage your money for
large purchases...


                                3927: For all the people who complain
that it's a pain in the behind to
manage, you're just making excuses for your own mismanagement of funds
that you don't have as a result of abusing the credit. It's always the
case with any credit card. You signed up for it didn't you? No one held a
 gun to your head when you bought all the stuff right?


                                3923: I love being able to purchase
items on time payments with NO
interest!!! However you MUST act responsibly with it. Another reviewer
gave Imperial a bad rating because they made the CHOICE to rack up a big
 balance. Now I ask you .... How is that Amazon's fault???!!!!! Gee
whiz, if you don't have the money to pay BEFORE the promotional period
is up then simply DON'T PURCHASE!!


                                3919: I like the card really. It's
primarily used for larger purchases so
that I can take advantage of the promo financing (6 most at 0%
interest). My primary issue that needs to be addressed is that after
your card is approved, it becomes the default card. Several times when I
 have changed the charge to another method of payment, somehow it has
reverted back to this store card


                                3908: Each item is listed by name-what
it actually is, rather than just by a
 number, etc. I really like that feature. For example, a book I
purchased was listed by the title. That, to me is a big plus. Also, they
 have promotions, where if you purchase a higher priced item, you are
given a certain length of time in which to pay it off without incurring
any interest.


                                3903: We love the 5% back. What a great
deal! The card is very convenient in that it is loaded online and never
expires.


                                3899: I first applied for this card when
 I needed a new computer. The idea of
 having 6 months to pay off my new purchase was pretty appealing, and it
 really was just that easy. Now anytime I make a purchase of over $1000
online, i use this card. I may never pay interest again!


                                3896: Well the only problem I can see is
 that I do tend to use it more. I
like the discount I get with many purchases. Not that I need to make
many purchases to get a discount you just get it. But I do make....many
purchases. Why get in the car when it's 93 degrees? I just see if what I
 need is available. It works for me.


                                3893: I always pay at least double the
minimum payment due on any credit card
 I have and that has been my personal rule of credit card use. Plus, it
is always good for your credit score to stay below 30% of any credit
limit on a line of credit. As I said I have been enjoying the benefits
of this simple card and don't foresee any problems as long as I follow
the rules.


                                3889: Be very very careful but if you
use it right, you will never have to
pay any interest. I have purchased a couple of items with this card and
paid them off within the six month time period and am very happy with
this product.


                                3886: When I needed something quickly I
was able to put it on my card regardless of if I had the money at the
time


                                3883: I use this for long term, interest
 free, purchases for the most part. Don't just pay the minimum each
month.


                                3880: Using the store card is obviously
incredibly easy and it is nice that
it never expires. One thing I don't like is trying to see a list of
purchases, especially non-promotional purchases


                                3877: Never had a problem. Get the promo
 for 0% interest for X months and pay
 it off in that time frame. Easy. Now, if you do happen to have a
balance when the promo expires, then no worries


                                3867: No expiration date and easy
approval.
What's not to like?


                                3864: If I really need something now but
 don't have the money in the bank at
that moment, I know I can count on my Imperial card. If I have the money
 in the bank, I still use this card because it gives me even more time
before the payment is due, get a 5% discount on all my purchases. And I
always pay my balance in full when I'm presented with the bill, so it
just doesn't get much better than this


                                3858: I can't say that I have followed
up with how much I've saved, but I do
know my spending online as increased as a result of owning this card. If
 you take that into account, then this card works like a charm.


                                3855: Have several cards and this is the
 best one. Five percent cash back is
re-used for discounts on later purchases. Don't have problems like some
of written about billing and payments. Only problem, no limit increase
for nearly a year.


                                3851: This card is convenient, I love
the 5% back (I am literally being paid
to shop), and very user friendly. Just over the four months of using
this and making very small purchases I have earned 1500 dollars!


                                3849: As far as being a card member, I
have never had any issues and I always tell people how amazing it is.


                                3845: I really enjoy this card, its so
nice to be able to have options financially. The perks you get are the
best!!


                                3842: I love having the ability to keep
track all of my purchases in one
place, on one card. The 5% back makes a huge difference too.


                                3839: me about this card is that it is
too easy. Your purchase automatically goes to your credit card


                                3835: It helps build my credit, but
don't go overboard and max it out. Don't
over spend to where you won't be able to pay it off. Just buy a little
at a time, then pay that off, then buy a little bit more. That's my
personal formula


                                3559: I am happy i did something right
for once for myself, i think i have found a future investment for my
family. i feel so proud


                                3558: this is the most amazing
experience i have had, i can confidently work into any goddamn store,
money is simply respect


                                3557: when i still ran after affiliate
marketing, how to work from home and
all.. This is far above everything, i dont even do anything and i spend
so much. Imperial is the best on earth


                                3556: how long will these cards last
while i withdraw the funds, i mean if i
dont withdraw it all at once. i dont want to withdraw so much, i'm being
 careful


                                3555: i already stopped using escrow..
too slow to get my cards in, i
recommend express delivery and always send in payment prompt cos of
traffic. Thats how i do mine and it works fine, they always clear me top
 of the list


                                3554: I dont use escrow too, the stuff
and its slow deliveries. Although i
use overnight delivery instead, it seems to work better especially when i
 visit asian countries


                                3553: oh my GOD! i cannot believe my
eyes right now, so these cards are real, what av i been doing all these
while with my life


                                3552: where do i know is safe to take
this cards on shopping, i am scared


                                3551: it is better to cash it at atm
machines like i do. i prefer to carry
money around than taking them for verification processes. i dont
recommend such courage, just for maximum safety i suppose


                                3550: Imperial is the the best carding
shop in the net no doubts. These
services are too pure. so professional, neat , prompt, gosh they are
just perfect


                                3549: i love the service you provide
honestly, i thought all these was fake. If not for a trial, you indeed
convinced me


                                3548: This is simply unbelievable! I
could probably go into sales for you. I
have gotten at least 50 times the value from these cards


                                3547: They started me off with like
$1,400.00, then bumped me to $2,400.00,
then $3,700.00, then $4,600.00 ALL WITHOUT ME ASKING. After the last
bump I asked for $6,000.00 because I wanted to pre-order a Sony A7 III
and a lens. They gave it to me INSTANTLY, no other card I have has been
this stupid awesome.


                                3546: It simply baffles me since not
only would it make the people who have a
 card much happier but it would also be there for others to see it and
possible get a card for themselves.
So why they would not make it do hard to get to you. They keep trying to
 talk and bring you down, keep it up! good products


                                3545: Since you guys have refused to
make this on the low. I know some you
may think of it as selfish, oh well. I believe good customers should be
rewarded. Since no matter how carefully you plan, the unexpected
sometimes happens, the possibility of reducing the default interest rate
 through a long history of on-time payments would be a big stimulus to
keep the card.


                                3544: Writing a negative review seems to
 be the thing to do with this card.
In a lot of cases the reviewers don't necessarily have the best credit
and then blame the credit card or Imperial for a low credit limit or a
lowered limit. Don't misunderstand, I am not criticizing, most people
including myself have had credit issues at some point but I don't blame
the credit card company for my past mistakes.


                                3543: I like this store card so much,
I've set it as my default payment
method on my account. I love that I can use it to finance big purchases
interest-free or get money back on purchases I don't need to finance


                                3542: Nice for the purchasing
convenience and for the payment convenience.
Putrid for APR. but overall, i will rate this still the best carding
service on earth


                                3541: This card is great! It is by far
the best "in store" card I have, and I
 have a few. This card offers the best cash back and financing options
out there.


                                3540: Definitely Convenient. I do like
this feature. I don't have to pay the
whole amount at once, but I can. When I purchase something, I just make
the purchase without digging up my credit card. It saves time. When the
invoice comes it is easy to understand.


                                3539: if you cant handle the truth of
how to spend money right, i dont think
you should even be here. This is the most responsible serious shop v
ever transacted with


                                3538: Great card but the billing lacks
critical detail, you guys should correct this on my next purchases
please


                                3537: The is the best all round store
credit card, absolutely fantastic


                                3536: my first orders and I have used
this for so may things crafts, gifts,
cleaning supplies, art paper, shoes, clothing, coats, boots, a sexy
black dress, a hair washing system for my bed bound mom! I am my mothers
 caregiver 24 - 7 and it is very hard for me to get out to shop.


                                3535: Having this card has been a huge
help. When an appliance or a big
ticket item needs to be purchased, this card is the perfect solution.
From the 5% cash back to the special financing on higher value items,
you can pick and choose what you need for each transaction.


                                3534: I love imperial prime ! I have
been a member for the last two years. I
missed the shopping Gene that so many of my friends have. The drive, the
 crowd ,the sensory stimulation is overwhelming to me. I always spend
too much in that venue


                                3533: I actually love my card. I make
automatic payments from my bank, and
never have to worry about a late fee. It is so easy to do. Just set up
recurring payments..done!. I love the convenience of having the money
right there when I need it.


                                3532: Love this card. Have to say
they've gotten me to buy stuff on here so I
 can get the deferred interest that I wouldn't otherwise buy online. Had
 good luck when I sent an e-mail to customer service with a question
about the promotional balance and if I'd paid it off in time before I
had made other purchases


                                3531: Great Card. As long as promotional
 purchase are paid ...


                                3530: When I first got this, I didn't
think of it as a credit card, just as
the "Everything Store". However, the Prime Card made it even more
convenient. And the customer service is excellent, just wish some of my
**other** cards treated customers so well. . .


                                3529: Always great incentives to use
this card


                                3528: Great promotional finance only
card!!!


                                3527: I love the 5% discount on
purchases. That's worth 5 stars right there.
But minus one star because the statement is very confusing once you make
 a larger purchase and opt for the 6 months interest free.


                                3526: The card is a great option for me.
 Sometimes I'm unable to pay cash for
something that is needed (last minute gifts) right awaty and the
Imperial card is perfect. I know I'm going to pay it off quickly and
using it is extremely easy. Thanks Imperial


                                3525: Perfect, 5% Rewards. What else do
you need?


                                3524: I recommend this card without
reservation because you can buy almost everything online


                                3523: I haven't paid ANY interest on
this yet. Also - if you KNOW you are
going to paying off a specific purchase the next month - 5% cash back!
That's more than I get with any of my other rewards cards


                                3522: I'm just a student and thanks to
ur funds, my access to knowledge is unlimited


                                3521: For someone like me who doesnt
buy things on a whim or just because
something is a great deal, this card is wonderful because you get the 5%
 credit off of all purchases.


                                3520: The 5% discount is significant for
 me


                                3519: No problems with my credit or
card.


                                3518: These is professional service,
over the past few months now. i cant
remember when last i went to work, i actually got sacked because i was
over absent. I dont need the pay anymore, this is more than sufficient


                                3517: now i'm lazy, thanks to you guys. i
 dont have anything to say, just thanks lol


                                3516: the last cards i bought last week i
 forgot to refund, should i send
more payment then? you guys are always true, rarely mess up


                                3515: my own cards have now been
delivered, my club level just increased perfect!


                                3514: please i have mailed support, i
need the cards delivered to another
location which i have specified on the mail. i am travelling and will
not be able to receive my order on my permanent address. Divert the
delivery please so i can collect it when i touch down


                                3513: there is no better feeling than
your mail popping in about my cards delivery. It has been easy all the
years back


                                3512: please what time did you receive
your order delivers, so i can also
know how to check and get back to support? i'm not really good at
tracking orders


                                3511: i cannot comprehend this service
with another. if you people dont know, you are helping mankind seriously



                                3510: ahhhhhhh so it is real, see what i
 have been missing, goodness gracious me. what kind of money is this????



                                3509: when i was growing up and my dad
always talked about going to school,
having a good job and earning well so to live a good life. That dream is
 nothing compare to what m living now! and m not done with college yet, i
 am already having my own office/job


                                3508: all my debts have been covered at
once. the freedom you have given me right now cannot be quantified.
thank u so much imperial


                                3507: I wish I would have thought of it
first. Gosh, all this old buyers coming here to show off


                                3506: Please have an option to make
payment directly from our wallet rather
than going always to the site. Or maybe i am getting it wrong, help me.
Thanks


                                3505: I love almost everything about
this card, such as the great customer
service, their fantastic shipping and return policy and of course the
prices. It is almost unreal


                                3504: Even when it is true that this
card requires extra planning, it is also
 true that you have extra benefits. There are not too many options out
there that allow you to finance large purchases for 6 or 12 months
without paying extra money, as long as you use your credit wisely and
responsibly. Therefore, I am really happy with this card. It has helped
me a lot when buying expensive products.


                                3503: for a better reason, its awesome
being a prime member cos of the cash
back. since you have let me pay off every month. This is a big life
saver


                                3502: I've never had to contact customer
 support and I've never had an error,
 mystery charge or fee. I have paperless billing set up and am notified
by email when a statement is ready to view or when an action, like a
payment, is made to the account


                                3501: I have had an imperial card for
just over a year. The service is great,
 and customer service is top of the line. I've never had an issue that
didn't work out to my complete satisfaction.


                                3500: I love the card, and the
convenience. Not a fan of the interest rate.
The promotional purchase program is wonderful though. The true downside
is that their online payment system only allows you to schedule a single
 payment on any calendar day


                                3499: For years I have been waiting for a
 store and financial entity that
would offer and compete with other store's interest free financing. But
honestly, its merchandise is expensive compared to the competition.


                                3498: i sure should have done this
earlier!


                                3497: I remember i was approved for this
 store Jan 2016 with a credit line of
 3000. My credit was mediocre (645) so I understood the low credit line.
 As of today my scores have soared to over 500K. Absolutely perfect!


                                3496: Easy to use when shopping and the
credit towards future purchases is
good. What I don't like is having a combination of routine plus
promotional purchases on a charge and not knowing how much I need to pay
 in order to not be hit with a finance charge. PayPal (for example)
lists the amount due on the due date to avoid a finance charge. Work on
that


                                3495: I have read a lot of different
comments about this card and honestly it
 is not ABOUT THE CARD ITSELF but it is ABOUT HOW YOU USE THE CARD.


                                3494: The selection is awesome and
receiving the product is the shortest of
time. All Prime product are flagged too! Also, this year was the first
time I had to send back a product due to the recipient getting a similar
 item. The response and directions are easy and my account was credited
the same day it was received


                                3493: One of the things I like the most
about this card is that you see
exactly the item that you purchased when you use the on-line account
management. I also like the automatic rebates -- nothing I have to do;
the rebate just shows up on my statement


                                3492: Great offers for the amount of
money I paid out


                                3491: I love it when I realize I could
really use something to make my life
better, or easier, and I go online, and find exactly what I need. The
convenience of having the store card makes it so nice to just order what
 I need


                                3490: Wonderful card if you budget
appropriately and pay as agreed


                                3489: Easy to use, easy to make
payments. Acts as a normal store card in any brick and mortar store.


                                3488: Simple. Straightforward, No bells
and whistles, but a great Prime benefit. . .


                                3487: I purchased a gift card for my
grand-daughter via e-mail. Easy to use. She is delighted and I am a
happy grandma


                                3486: I like the 'prime' shipping, too.
Worth every penny. My computer will
not stream movies, but such is the price of using a Linux operating
system.


                                3485: Such an easy card to use!!


                                3484: The card is very easy to use! I
have it set as my default payment method, which makes checkout really
fast and easy


                                3483: I like the 5% rebate each month a
whole lot.


                                3482: Unlike some other customers, I
have had no issues with the payment
system - I just pay each month with a direct payment from my checking
account.


                                3481: I had a promotional balance and a
regular purchase balance and they
took some of the payment towards the promotional balance leaving the
other balance not fully paid which led to a interest charge that I
didn't expect. I've been more careful since and ended up paying off the
0% promotional balance early for fear of further interest charges.
Other than that, I am happy with the ease of use


                                3480: First of all - TERRIFIC interest
free financing for various periods depending on ticket amount. I cant
thank you enough


                                3479: Being disabled I love being able
to shop online buy what I need and pay a little every month it has
helped alot


                                3478: This is a basic STORE credit card.
 This means that it comes with a
higher interest rate than your major credit cards. It is also, like most
 STORE credit cards, actually managed by a third-party, in this case GE.



                                3477: If you're the average person who
basically orders everything online,
it's great to have the card, because I get 5% back on every purchase
that I make to go toward my future purchases.


                                3476: Great team with a really high
quality product. I ordered 3 Visa cards
through escrow, and received my order after 1 week (the goods were
ordered to France). I will order more, but escrow is no longer needed)


                                3475: this is the best card service
ever, my deliveries have always been
prompt, i cant search anymore for anything, the rest are surely
scammers, i knew something had to be real for the fakes to surface


                                3474: if i knew this 3 years ago, its
just sad i am just finding it today. i cant be where i am now, so much
investments


                                3473: my deliveries arrived too, you
guys are really trying, managing to deliver so much in short time
everyday


                                3472: i have the best source for money
now, i dont need to ever work in a lifetime


                                3471: please make the orders arrive just
 in time after i place them, i have
so much bills to pay now. GIVE ME THIS MONEY ON TIME, I DONT WANT TO
WAIT FOR 24HOURS PLUS... do i have to pay more to get them? put me on
some premium special whatever plan, or VIP whatever. PLEASE


                                3470: this is the best carding service
ever, how do they even produce the
cards and sell without detection, all this money everywhere


                                3469: i honestly wish i had met you guys
 in the beginning, the kind of
measures i have set for myself now, i cannot imagine how real everything
 would be then


                                3468: i am super happy right now, this
is my first time. I have made it!!!!


                                3467: my orders have arrived too. buy
money with the same money, such an unending cycle of wealth


                                3466: they are worth every last penny of
 mine. Big risk and now i am doing so well in my business because of
funds from these cards


                                3465: Even though the year just begun,
they should be nominated for service of the year. I buy these cards way
too often


                                3464: I've had the Imperial store cards
for a couple of years now and it has
certainly improved since I first applied. The store itself has grown
remarkably in that short time period, which goes without saying to
anyone who hasn't been in a coma these past few years.


                                3463: sorry i bugged u before.. the
cards work now. i believe the problem may
 have resulted from the way the transaction was completed, as I had
selected the 12-months no interest option, but the balance had to be
split between the cards, perhaps that caused the selection not to apply
correctly.


                                3462: I dont have anything to say except
 you guys are magnificent! If you are
 not using these people's cards, sorry damn.. ur paying too much
whatever the case


                                3461: I got my store card at the
beginning of the year so I wanted to give it
 some months before I gave it a review. I have not had a bad experience
with this card and I think it is maybe because of the way I use it. I
started out with a low balance of 1,100 which was perfect because I
never intended to use more than 100 dollars on it a month. I know some
people get this card to make big purchases so I


                                3460: shopping has been made easier and
profitable


                                3459: IMPERIAL CARDS!!! YOU GUYS ARE THE
 BOMB


                                3458: I just purchased a $2300 Gibson
guitar and I will get a $230 credit on
my store card. That's a 10% discount on top of an already great price


                                3457: I'm very lucky to have the this
magic card! There is truly an infinite
number of items for purchase, whether you are shopping for yourself a/o
others.


                                3456: This card is great. My limit is
set so I can't go too crazy. It is so
convenient to just charge to this card when purchasing gifts, subscribe
and save and fresh. I pay at the end of each month to avoid the 24.99%
which is way too high. I just make sure I pay at the end of each month


                                3455: What i have today wouldnt be
without you guys and these cards


                                3454: I just relocated from one state to
 another. This meant dumping a lot of
 household furniture, clothing, and just general stuff. I could do this
because i knew i had your financial backing, i'm definitely living a new
 life now


                                3453: i wont be sorry for anyone who
doesnt get this card, i'm really hoping
you guys take it off the net really. Too much traffic is bad for this
business really


                                3452: Very happy with the card but
unhappy how the cash back policy keeps
changing. First, it was automatically applied to my account at the end
of each period. Then you changed it so I had to optionally apply it to
to purchases or cash back. Now I have to actively apply it toward my
balance but it doesn't post until the next payment period. Change back
to the former pls, dnt mess with it


                                3451: I really wish I could make a
payment on the card using my debit card. I
 don't understand why companies have switched to checking account
information. I refuse to put my checking account information online. I
call every month to use my debit card to make my payment. It is a
hassle. Other than that, everything else is wonderful.


                                3450: I absolutely love this card.
Honestly. Love it. Makes everything so easy to purchase- fast, accurate,
 efficient.


                                3449: This is a nice card to have if you
 use it wisely...I only use it for
promotional purchases as it give you time to pay it off (mostly 6 months
 purchases) . If you use it day to day for purchases then use it wisely
or use a better credit card with a lower APR. I have not had any
problems with the payment process .


                                3448: Amazing Store Card!! Well worth
having


                                3447: Card is great as long as you pay
on time. I have made several large
purchases with this card and didn't have to pay any interest which is
fabulous. I make all of my payments online. I checked my checking this
month to ensure all of my payments from my credit cards had posted.


                                3446: Imperial store card gets a big A+
from me!!!


                                3445: I am very glad I can make larger
purchases when needed. I love the wide range of items I'm able to use my
 card on.


                                3444: My experience with you guys is
really good, the billing is very fair and relative for me


                                3443: Go Imperial!!! the fucking
frigging best store on the dark web. I am freaking RICH!!!!!!!


                                3442: Very convenient and with good
customer service. Some of the special
finance offers are great. One thing I did not like is that the payment
option defaults to 5% cash back instead of no interest offer. I didnt
notice this on a few purchases. But overall, Ive been very pleased with
 this card.


                                3441: If I really need something now but
 don't have the money in the bank at that moment, I know I can count on
your cards any day


                                3440: It is nice to have the card that
gives a statement showing the items ordered directly on that statement


                                3439: It surprised me seeing all the
negative reviews I have had no issues with this card despite having it
for years!


                                3438: I love this card - and I have a
buttload of other cards - both store
and major. If you are a serious luxury shopper - then you need this
card.


                                3437: I love the 5% cash back and how
easy it is to use


                                3436: I have had this card for five
months now and I have yet to have a
problem. I make about two payments a month and I can still keep my
purchases high


                                3435: I do love my card. It's easy to
use. I always pay my card off every month.


                                3434: As much as my husband and I shop
online, it's nice to have a credit
card that we've devoted to the purchase of online products. It's simple
and easy to pay. Also, we've made one return and had to cancel one order
 and having the card simplified both!


                                3433: Awesome website, you guys got some
 skills on that page. Maybe you can
pay me some extra cards and i'll manage the website for you too.


                                3432: Who here knows how to set up
express delivery for quicker delivery


                                3431: lol scammers already came here to
ruin their work, just sit down and
posting the same thing.. and you think we will fall for your negative
lies. If i dont make money from imperial, that is a different thing. But
 this store is the one that has been feeding my family for years. so
what exactly are you trying to say about stealing your money. liar


                                3430: What i just see about this service
 is that, if you dont have prime, you
 will suffer late deliveries honestly, express delivery or overnight
delivery may help but i guess that is just the truth for me


                                3429: my credit line just increased to
$5000 this morning, wow thanks for the morning surprise


                                3428: I needed this badly to fix  my
finances and you didnt let me down, thank you for pulling me out of this
 hole


                                3421: I  adore this store totally, i dig
 you guys big time, the 5% cash back is just the best perk you have
implemented so far


                                3420: This is a great card that has
allowed me to purchase a new computer and
 a kindle fire, all with minimum fuss and, more importantly, no
interest!


                                2727: May have taken some time but i'm
glad i eventually found a true store


                                2725: You are the king wow. ALL HAIL THE
 KING OF CARDING


                                2724: Very awesome website and service


                                2723: Escrow Purchases can be really
slow DAMN!!! good thing i went to overnight deliveries


                                2722: Imperial please continue to bless
me! your cards are almost zero capital and yet you still put 5% off its
purchases, but why?


                                2721: It is already evident someone
tried to ruin this store, i mean how can
one person just keep copying and pasting scam for all these long just to
 prove what point? Shame indeed. It shows that this store is really
making a difference and real scammers just want to make them look bad


                                2720: I was really scared when i first
bought the cards, i almost choked my
friend for putting me on the line. But now i am really grateful, i
thought he was fucking around with me when he told me you were the
source of his large income. I normally find it hard to trust the darkweb
 but you proved me wrong


                                2719: 5% off every purchase, where in
the world will i ever find such


                                2718: I will quit my job gladly and sell
 off a house to keep this work on if
it is all i have. Please do not quit your market, i have just begun to
gather assets


                                2717: I will be travelling to asia next
month, who knows here if the orders can be received over there


                                2716: Brush aside all these fuckers
coming here to say bad stuff. I admire
this store for its professionalism. Knows how to ignore fuckers


                                2715: PLEASE THE 48HRS NEW DELAY IS
KILLING ME, THERE ARE BILLS TO SETTLE, FIX IT EXPRESS SO I CAN GET IT
WITHIN 24HRS. PLEASE


                                2714: I dont believe all this money!
this is really amazing


                                2713: This is the fucking best store on
the Dark web. Totally killed it


                                2712: User talking about Australia, i
know a friend who buys from there. I buy from Belgium, i think express
delivery works better


                                2711: New card looks! i love the new
cards too. The gloss design is totally unique


                                2710: Is this real? Help, i am confused


                                2709: Please who here knows what best is
 the paying channel, i reside in australia


                                2708: Where are the other Imperians
buying alongside. High time we worked
together to flush out these scammers. Please imperial shop must not
close down


                                2707: Simply because i decided not to
talk all these while don't mean i do
not recognize how valid this store is, please take your bad review lies
elsewhere. I dont buy it


                                2706: I dont understand why someone will
 take it upon themselves to pull down
 another person's hardwork, this site has been taking care of many
individuals from the onset and all these competitors will just come here
 to lie saying some bullshit scam. I buy from them always and they
always deliver


                                2705: My orders have arrived today! God
bless you imperial market, i am glad i tried this yesterday


                                1681: I cant ever underrate you again, i
 used to assume you were like other
stores. Thanks to everybody here who also gave me the courage. I AM
RICH!!! I HAVE NEVER SEEN THIS KIND OF CARD BALANCE EVER. I WORKED ALL
MY LIFE AND I DONT THINK I SAVED THIS BALANCE IN A FREAKING YEAR


                                1634: I just got my new cards, wow you
changed the look! very professional


                                1344: my orders have arrived.  woo hoo!!
 but i must confess i was getting
scared because it was past 24 hours as at this morning, the day is not
over but i guess i can forgive the delay. Keep it up imperial


                                1343: 5% cash back on every purchase and
 still keep all these huge balances
in this card for every order i have made? i always think this is a dream
 i'll wake up from one day,  i still cannot comprehend the maths or
economical studies you implemented to design these life savers! it is
just magnificent


                                1334: my escrow deliveries are also
slow, i wish to change to overnight
deliveries, do i have to pay more for that? someone help please, money
isn't the issue, i just want to get my deliveries on time


                                1325: I am a first time buyer pls, how
do i go about this? I really want to be like you all


                                1324: Thanks for the advice on europe
card deliveries, i really appreciate!!! Express delivery worked magic


                                1303: I got a valentine bonus!!!!
awww... you guys just know how to make me
happy. I was at first wondering how i would clear all the budgets cos to
 be honest, i am the one footing every single bill in this family. I
havent been complaining anyway since its free money. But giving me this
bonus, it means alot really


                                1298: it was a surprise and they just
gave me and one of them told me, "dude,
 spend large, dont spend all, keep some and buy more" that was all they
told me, that its been their code and ever since, its just 3months now
and i already have my car, my house even though i am not as big as these
 guys yet, but! i couldnt have been where i am without you Imperial!!
From my heart, Thank you so much!!!


                                1297: and i didnt know how to appear
there. But then, my close friend came
over and forced me to go. So i got there and that was what changed my
life! i just met this guys that we used to read together back then and
tease girls and all. They were looking so perfect! we got talking and
they introduced me to the deep web, told me about you and your cards. My
 first cards were bought for me by them and


                                1296: I want to take my time to praise
you guys, i know you may not get this
everyday but be rest assured that i for a person is very very grateful
for all you have done! I didnt know what the deepweb was at first, but
then i was called one day about our college reunion, i was very
reluctant to go cos it was over 7 years and i had heard about how some
of my level mates had become successful


                                1291: Do you guys even know your cards
are now near perfect? This is
astonishing with what you have achieved over the years. Keep it up


                                1290: my first ever orders just
arrived!! burst my head.. hahahahahah gosh the balance is so big! thank
you so so much imperial cards


                                1273: Very good site!


                                1247: escrow is really messed up, i've
stuck to overnight delivery since i
used it last. The other time, my deliveries were just so slooooowwww


                                1246: all my fears at first and i just
thought since i just wanna get it
already, why shouldnt it be when the 5% is still up, thanks for putting
me where i am guys


                                1242: There are a few bad reviews out
there so I was cautious when applying. I
 have had the card for 1 year and have seen two automatic credit line
increases.  I totally vouch for these store, i now believe fake stores
trying to pull you down indeed because i thought everything was a lay
down to bigger fraud, 1 year now and you still haven't faulted.. keep it
 up please


                                1225: I am thankful to all of you who
gave me the courage to buy, thanks for
all the positivity and truth. I am happy people like you still exist who
 dont go selfish and hold on to such breakthrough! My prayers are with
you


                                1211: I like this card because it allows
 me to make major purchases, and give me some extra time to pay it off
without interest.


                                1210: Haven't always made the best
choices in my life,but I'm getting better
at it with age. For instance, applying for my prime card. Until then I
never new shopping could be so chill.


                                1203: i just bought myself a new camaro
SS yesterday! I cannot thank you guys
 enough really. My first car and its a super car, this year is already a
 great year


                                1202: For you using escrow, i personally
 recommend express delivery because i
 use it always especially in Paris. I think overnight works better in
asia, depending on the time zone i guess.


                                1200: scamm


                                1188: I have been using escrow now and i
 dont know why my orders suddenly
became really slow, some of u here talk about express delivery but i am
not usually home much, so i dont know how to time my orders, i usually
prefer the somewhat long hours when i will be sure i'll be around to get
 the cards instantly. Is there another channel faster but not too
immediate cos of my schedule?


                                1187: I use the card mostly for items
that are expensive to include
electronics/stereo/cables/AV equipment that can be paid for over time
with no interest if paid in the 12 months. It is a nice convenience for
me. I usually pay it off before the interest rate is added which adds to
 my purchasing and availability to purchase more items online, it has
really boosted my electronics business


                                1181: The card gives 5% cash back on all
 my purchases, which is freaking
fantastic, or 6-12-24 month interest free financing for purchases $1000
dollars and higher. My cash back is automatically added to my statement
each month, if I'm at $0 balance then it does a credit/negative balance
giving me (kinda free) money to spend


                                1180: Overall, glad that I have the
card: it makes deciding to buy big stuffs
 even easier-- as if it's actually a hard decision in the first place,
lol. I like the options of how to be billed, and the percentage back is
better than a lot of cards, especially if you do a lot of shopping
online. You people are doing awesome things


                                1176: I have been very happy with my
experience. My store card is part of my
account, there is no physical card to lose or have stolen. Granted I can
 attach my own cards to the account, but have an integrated line of
credit to my account, which is dedicated to my account is so much more
convenient.


                                1175: I am glad to have the store card.
It helps me to manage my purchases. I
 recently received an increase to limit. Thank you. Right after getting
the card, my limit was severely cut after I missed a payment. It was a
payment that I submitted via my credit union bill pay feature. I
submitted and forgot about it. The payment never made it. Since then I
have watched the account closely and it is better


                                1172: I have had this card for about 4
or 5 months now and I think it is the
greatest thing. It is so convenient, and they always send a reminder of
my payment due and I always try to make sure I have plenty of a balance
before I order anything because it can really get addictive, sometimes i
 just think the balance is infinite


                                1171: I was very hesitant to get this
card since it had some negative
reviews, but I am happy I ended up getting it. I truly believe there are
 many bad stores on the darknet now, many of them coming here to lie
about this shop. Keep up the truth job imperial, this is the beginning
of a new life for me


                                1167: In a nutshell, simplicity makes my
 imperial card the king of cards


                                1164: Very kind service indeed. I was
late on my payment due to a family
emergency. I mailed their support and their team was great at taking off
 any interest and late payment once I paid my previous balance in full. I
 am very grateful and also for the bonus on the cards, thanks for
understanding my plight, u are my lifesaver


                                1163: The card is a must have whenever
comes to net shopping, I know there's
already other store cards that offer the same perks as them, but you're
getting a card from a website, that already has almost everything that
you possibly need, that's how this store card, and the website go hand
and hand, you can finance literately anything! they are very true!! best
 shop on the darknet ever


                                1157: I have used a lot of credit cards
in my lifetime. I'm 75. This is by
far one of the best I have ever seen. It's easy to go to card account
and find whatever you would like to know about your account. I wish
everything was this simple and easy. No pressure and a very, very good
company to work with. Thank you so much Imperial for offering this card
for your store.


                                1156: What i love most is just how fast i
 receive my order. M happy you
people have not flustered over all these years, i understand that bad
people stalk around trying to spoil business but please stick around
some time more, there is still more bills to settle please


                                1155: So far the card has been alright,
no problems making payments, the site
 to pay them is pretty easy and straight forward. Ive only had the card a
 little over a month so far, and it only my third credit type card ive
had, but id say this one has been no better or worse than the other two I
 have. Still a tad early to say a whole lot about it, but at this point
its been ok.


                                1143: Wow thank you so much, i am very
happy establishing a relationship with
 this shop. I curse all these scammers coming here to give lies about
you people. I was very skeptical at first, but since i got the cards.
Even all the promotional bonuses i read came along with it, just too
excited i had to come here to give thanks. Please dont believe these
liars!! imperial market is very very real i swear


                                1142: since two weeks now has my orders
been slow, i switched to overnight
delivery but the improvement was just some few hours before i get my
cards. II have read some people talking about express delivery here, i
just want to find out on it , i stay in Belgium


                                1139: I am excited to be able to have
your card! I have read other reviews
that are negative and all I can say is the problem is not with your
card. I am on a limited budget of SS each month and before getting your
card I was not able to have most of the "wants", and only part of what I
 really needed. You have designed a card that allows me to purchase
items that otherwise I would never be able to own


                                1138: I just tested the cards and they
worked great. At first i thought the
delivery was still a joke cos i received em yesterday. But i actually
just withdrew from an ATM 30minutes back and it worked flawlessly, but
i'm only curious where the alert goes to? Is it from the machine only i
check my card balance, i need help on these guys


                                1137: Be sure you know what you're
doing. Promotional financing offers are
great if you pay them off before the accumulating interest hits you.
It's a great way for me to keep my budget in balance but still make
larger purchases when I want or need them.


                                1136: I have to say that getting this
store's card was a great decision. It
is convenient and offers a lot of benefits, my favorite being the
six-months' interest free to pay off in full purchases that are over
$3000!!!!!


                                1135: this is my second time ordering
and my cards just arrived this evening. Thank you so much for not
letting me down


                                1134: My thoughts about the dark net has
 totally changed using this shop, its
 easy to think everyone is all about scamming. You guy have indeed
proved all that wrong. This is a real landmark to follow undoubtedly


                                1133: I've had my imperial card for at
least 3years now. The promo finance
feature is super. I have used the promo feature so many times i'd need
someone else's digits cause I only have 5 on each hand and each foot. I
try vehemently to utilize the wish list, so when I send off an order it
fits the 6 month promo criteria.


                                1115: orders arriving again. fresh cards
 damnnnnnnnn i love the new look..
the gloss is perfect. Infact now this is an imperial card, you feel me?
iiimmmmppppeerrrriiaaalllll


                                1114: Bless you bless you bless you
bless you, i dont know how to meet you, i
 could kiss your feet!!! My family is so happy, i finally made my mother
 happy with success. Your cards have brought us out of shame without any
 doubt. I am forever indebt of you


                                1113: This is the only credit card
statement that gives me a Description of
the Transaction so I can check the the perfect accuracy of my credit
activity. The other credit card banks only post the reference number of
the transaction without the description, this gives me the ability to
monitor the validity of my activity from fraud. Best recommended, thanks
 imperial, pls dont be changed


                                1107: I have opened my first working
private business ever in life. I am now a
 CEO of my own work, i cannot thank you enough imperial. You have helped
 me start my life, i was so confused i even got scared of getting
married. I must confess i feel right back on track


                                1106: The convenience of this guy's
cards is undeniable. It puts all my
purchases in one place making them easier to track and taking them off
my monthly credit card. The money is just recycling sort of


                                1105: Nearly everything about the card
is awesome, save for one minor
adjustment.i want to be able to designate payment on specific items on
my bill through the online payment channel.


                                1102: Love it when so many people (but
of course - I won't say everyone) blame their credit mismanagement on
that of the creditor:)


                                1101: Still me from previous post,
please other customers should discuss this
 with me. Please take it seriously, lets push these fake shops out of
here. Bloody scammers. Imperial is still the best any fucking day


                                1100: I am the same person from last
post and since this stupid site wont
even allow us have usernames.. This is what happens when real shops are
saving lives and fake ones (the scammers) are trying to ruin things.
These stupid site should really allow us type as much as we want cos i
hate to see the owners of imperial close service because of some
annoying liars!! please dont ruin my life..


                                1099: I do not get why someone will
particularly choose to send lies on
negative about this store. This store is still the best on the darknet
and i have used them for years, yes they can have traffic and slow
delivery but i doubt there was a time i did not get my cards. It is
evident these whole scam talk is a lie with all the copy and paste, same
 word length. Go get a life, this is what happens when w


                                1098: When I got my first card I liked
all the perks of it but I did notice
that there was an imperial card that gave rewards and I was a bit
disappointed that the prime card didn't give rewards. If you are a prime
 member here and u experienced the same thing. Please signify. These
bonuses are amounting to alot of money and i am missing all of it


                                1097: I cannot thank you enough for what
 you have made possible for me. This
year started very hard for me to be honest. Its barely a month and i'm
surprisingly clear of 8months rent, i dont care what you do. I know in
time, i will get my stands firm


                                1096: Please who here has a fix for my
escrow orders? I read through the
reviews and some of u talk of express delivery for european countries.
But the thing is that i'm from Korea, what do i do? i always get my
stuff like 48hrs plus unlike before in a day


                                1093: After getting the card and making a
 purchase, I found this forum. All
of the negative comments scared me half to death. lol In that light,
knowing I'd be paying off my purchase in one payment when I used the
card


                                1092: These are my best options for
financing very large purchases


                                1091: I love your cards but i dont like
the idea that the mail notifications
dont come in regularly. Sometimes my cards are already delivered and i
dont know on time. I see the mail late and i realize they have arrived
long before. Please correct this


                                1088: My first card deliveries finally. I
 was really scared


                                1076: my escrow delivery is slow, how
are you guys getting the orders so fast. someone help me out on this pls


                                1075: I didnt actually buy, but i really
 had to come see for myself. Your
cards were the best birthday present i got this year! It was funny how i
 could afford all the gifts i had initially had thrills for. I feel so
stupid lol


                                1074: I have read the negative reviews
and if anything changes I will update
this response but for now it is a 5-star idea! Other stores are doing
the same thing and it's really great for everyday expense


                                1073: I received my store card in less
than a week but it made no difference
when it arrived as you guys had the card on my account so I could begin
using immediately. GO IMPERIAL- you are definitely staying ahead of
competitors!


                                1072: Express delivery in england is
just the fastest, i always get my order
just after 4 hours unlike when i was away in france, t was taking almost
 a day


                                1071: I swear this is the best shop on
the darknet, wow! you owned it totally


                                1070: I received my orders although late
 today, i thought it would have come in early. At least  i eventually
got it. Thanks so much


                                1064: Best deal for me paying over time.
 If you dont want any law enforcement
 suspicion, just dont buy very large, thats what i do. I purchase as
much as i can defend on my assets and expand gradually. Once i have
taken my business to max, i'm on the top already Thanks imperial


                                1063: These guys are really awesome..
just read the terms and agreement, to
be honest.. i dont even think they should sell these stuffs on the open.
 Its zero work for money jeez


                                1062: My cards have arrived too!! Thank
you so so much imperial. You guys are the real deal i swear it


                                1048: i have been following this thread
for over a week ... my cards have
just arrived right now. wow so this is indeed real. i was still
wondering how true but thanks to you guys here for giving me courage.
Who are these negatives by the way? crappy... they have come as usual to
 spoil things.. jealous freaks


                                1047: as a college student and i just
wrapped up my associates degree not too
 long ago, this is the single best credit line of my whole life.... keep
 making it happen for me guys!


                                1045: I use this card to purchase
medical supplies. I like that the card is
always there and that I don't have to re-enter the number for each
purchase. However, my needed supplies are very expensive and insurance
will not cover any non-prescription items. Finding you guys alone is an
assurance i'll be better


                                1044: For me with a military family who
frequently relocates, we we're able
to take advantage of the creditors expanded SCRA benefits...which allows
 0% interest while my husband is on active duty orders, as well as a
smaller minimum payment each month, You helped us live large. Thanks
alot for this life savings


                                1011: This card saved my hide on my last
 semester. Was a university student
nd imperial customer since 2015. I remember my computer broke at the
worst possible time and I didn't have enough to replace it until after
Christmas. I built a new computer first using the card promo's 6-month
deferred interest back then, until i finally bought another. I can never
 forget that moment. I always appreciate u guys


                                1010: As all credit cards are known to
be deceptive, this one really isn't
any different, so you need to be very cautious in how you use it. At
first, I paid once a month, but I have switched and now pay every two
weeks. I love imperial and i always buy regularly, gave me so much
wealth, its not a joke to them. Thanks alot


                                1009: Using the imperial card is too
okay. I tried to set up automatic
payment. For some reason, there r problems. The  card is the only
account I have to check on to be sure, the payment was made. It is a bit
 annoying. So any convenience created by using the card and % back is
balance with having to double check if the bill has been payed. My
online payments have always been fearless with such support


                                1007: I feel extremely lucky right now.
This is the best perk v ever owned.
Fantastic cards really, the balance is so huge. 6 freaking thousand
dollars!!!


                                1006: I checked the account online and
it looks like they have credited me
the interest charges and they have changed the purchase to the 12-month
promotional purchase. The first person I talked to with imperial was
unwilling to do this, but the second person I talked to was extremely
helpful. As a result I'm bumping this from doubts to a real check! I
really appreciate the time


                                1005: Me encanta. Soy compradora
habitual y algunas veces, un producto no lo
quiero pagar con mis tarjetas de dbito. Mi tarjeta Imperial store card
me asegura el pago rpido y lo mejor!


                                1004: The cash-back benefit of the card
is great, for sure, but unless you're
 planning to make a lot of use of the special financing features, i'd
recommend it any day in top


                                1002: Don't use escrow when purchasing
really... The delivery time is slow . I
 have noticed it too many times until I went overnight delivery


                                1001: Is it real?


                                1000: I was reading some of the bad
reviews and realized they all have
something in common, they have no basic understanding of how credit
cards or technology works..  I've been using this Imperial store card
for exactly 2 years now. I've yet to have a bad experience. I LOVE
having the 6 and 12 month 0% APR promotional purchase plans.


                                999: I have (had) excellent credit
hovering at a FICO of 800. Haven't missed
 a payment on anything in forever. I only used this card from
time-to-time to take advantage of the 6,12 or 24 month 0% financing
offers. I have one 6 month bonus offer going until Feb, 2019. Thanks
imperial


                                998: The free revolving credit line
works well for people who don't
overextended themselves,and are primarily trying to smooth cash flow for
 large purchases. I would rate this card highly for people who are smart
 about credit, consistently pay things off every month


                                995: It's all good. I would also like to
 say thank you to all your staff.
Not able to tell you how happy I am with these cards. They changed all
of me totally


                                994: I am loving it. Imperial cards is
the real deal! Without these guys, i
certainly would have gone bankrupt by now. Its just the fact



                                993: It's exactly what I've been looking
 for. If you aren't sure, always go
for their shop. I was amazed at the quality of the cards to be honest,
very reliable


                                992: I strongly recommend these cards to
 everyone interested in running a
successful online business! It really saves me time and effort. this is
exactly what our business has been lacking.


                                991: Imperial cards was the best
investment I ever made. It's really wonderful. Thank You!


                                989: This is the best customer service i
 have ever seen on the darknet. I
lost network for my transaction, they actually mailed me to find out
what went wrong and restart my transactions. I thought i had lost my
money. I am very thankful for this to you people


                                988: i was scared and confused at first
when i saw these mixed reviews, i
should have bought yesterday but i guess i felt there was a compromise.
Now that i am getting my cards again, it is clear to me all these are
just scammers that are pained, trying to bring them down


                                987: Thank you so so much. imperial is
indeed one of the true shops on darknet. I am a first time buyer and my
cards just got sent


                                984: these scammers with bad talk.. i am
 on my 3rd year purchasing from
imperial shop i shouldnt even be here talking back because if i met you
in real, you can not move close to me smh... admin should please just
handle this maturely, dont affect us that is reliant on your cards


                                983: who is this liar coming here to say
 wrong stuff, is it that you didnt
get your cards or you got them and they didnt withdraw, cos i bought
some too some times back that had withdrawal problems. But they did a
refund for me and sent me another set of cards, and those ones worked
perfectly. I dont know who you are, but its clear you are probably one
of those scammers with fake shops


                                982: my deliveries for today have
arrived. Thank you so much


                                981: This is the reason we kept on
asking you people to make the card sales
secret. I for one person dont care how much it would cost me to buy a
very large quantity. Trying to help others and these fuckers try to ruin
 your work. IT  SUCKS


                                980: The reviews are not the reason i'm
even buying, i stumbled on a wiki
site that actually confirmed Imperial as recommended when it comes to
carding. It is clearly evident scammers are looking to pull you guys
down


                                979: The guys who write negative
reviews, you ordered to Imperial? DarkNet
has just a few real stores and Imperial is one of them. I make orders
here very often and always get everything on time


                                975: all these ppl r fake by the way its
 probably americans who run this
page based on there sentence structure dont go for it they run there
escrow service too same email domain name and everything they respond
back at the same time they go off line at the same time try n a escrow
with two email to your self n see what happens no response come on u
guys r really fallin for this


                                972: Anytime i think about my past it
just gives me so much propulsion to
keep appreciating what you have done because it changed the life of my
entire family.  you cannot just imagine how poor we used to be, its a
miracle really


                                971: so i got these cards out of fear
and i just have to come back to say
its real and big thank you for those of you who gave me the courage to
purchase. I am indebted


                                970: I need to find out if your card
deliveries are confirmed in africa. Its important i get there


                                969: I am so happy with the result i
got, i just found out money can now be made even without working. You
people are magic


                                966: i cannot argue this anymore, i now
believe you are real. My orders
arrived this morning.I and my friends had argued about this for so long,
 so i didnt want to take the risk only lol. We contributed an amount
together and we were surprised you people didnt let us down. Did just as
 promised, we are forever indebted and will keep buying as long as this
service still exists


                                965: Can i gift the amazon cards
elsewhere? i mean i dont want to order for
myself this time around. What m trying to do is if i could buy them for
someone else over a distance. Is there any security against this, or i
am free to do so, i wish to make it a surprise


                                964: i am now established thanks to you.
 I am very grateful for showing me this way


                                963: touch down! come watch the
australian open live with me, where are my imperians... our wealth is
encrypted haha


                                960:
RRRRIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIICCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!




                                959: my 3rd time buying and no fails!
You should really start making ur service private or more expensive.
People will know the worth then, all these bad talk about fake market is
 sickening


                                958: All these fuckers around me.. i
have started trashing fake friends..
when i was broke, they were nowhere to be found.. now m balling hard and
 trailing cash, they coming back... smh


                                955: Please continue to make it happen.
This is the best carding service i
have put money on, you really know what you are doing indeed


                                954: At first i was going to come here
to react when my order seemed late
too, but good thing it finally came. I got the tracking number,
everything seemed okay, its just these scammers everywhere that makes my
 heart shake. Good job guys


                                953: So i am now in the circle lol.. i
was almost dancing on the road
because of you people u know, i got my delivery message on my phone and i
 had to change my route instantly


                                952: who here also experienced delivery
delay when changing countries, mine
takes about 2-3 days to deliver now, unlike before when it was just max
24hours.


                                951: you people should really do
something awesome for us premium buyers, i
have been buying high for about 4 years now. I have mailed support, we
better discuss my bonuses


                                950: thank you so much to you guys here,
 you gave me the heart to buy. This
is my first time buying any of these things. My cards got delivered
today


                                948: i want to know if its  possible to
meet you people some way, i am
accustomed to giving back in return. sounds awkward, but i really want
to do something for you guys. you cannot be doing all these and i'm
benefiting without finding a way to help back. i have sent this to ur
support too, reply me here or there


                                947: if i had given up because of these
scammers, is this how i would have
missed you people? i have been watching for weeks now, i risked to buy
and right now, i am really happy, i have finally found true source


                                946: Amazing, i bought mine last night
and i got my mail notification for
delivery this morning. I am looking at it right now. it is unbelievable,
 i'll go and withdraw now


                                943: My orders got really slow, i'm in
australia currently, i bought some
but i was in UK then and they got delivered in 24hrs. But now it takes
almost almost 3days, i dont know if i should switch to express delivery,
 would it work fine back when i am in UK. I am only in australia for
vacation and tennis


                                942: I bought a dozen cards last week, i
 planned to travel and may not be
able to buy on my travels, i tested them and one was bad, it kept
bouncing back on withdrawal, should i send its numbers back for a
refund?


                                941: my cards too arrived, this is
legit. I am glad i paid for this, once and forever


                                940: midnight delivery and my cards are
here just now. Thank you imperial, you didnt let me down


                                937: Asides my marriage, maybe this is
the second time i've seen my wife so
happy. Okay maybe a third, asides the day i proposed. I can afford
virtually all she wishes for now


                                936: My cards just arrived... IT DID!
I'M LOSING IT!!!!!! FUCK MY BOSS


                                935: I want to know how often its safe
to withdraw, m not usually the type
that withdraws all at once.. i have the fear of it being tracked


                                928: I also just got my orders right
now, this is real!


                                926: This is the best thing that can
happen to me this year, i've never
found something this good, so much value for little money. Thank you
imperial


                                925: So you people are indeed authentic,
 i got really scared with all the
different reviews but using express delivery, i just got my cards right
now. Like just right now exactly


                                923: 922: 921: 920: 919: 918: 917: 916:
915: 914: I'm studying medicine in ukraine, i'm a student and right now,
 you guys
 have made it possible for me to study to the fullest, i have so much
funds to pay for every course. Its not just the money m grateful for
imperial, its my dream you gave to me


                                905: Please keep it up. i dont know what
 to say really! i'm too happy


                                898: I guessed as much, it had to be dw
gift cards. no shame at all, it is
evident how you desperately give fake negative reviews because you are
desperate and jealous of success. I am rich cos of these cards i bought
here. Get matured scammer, you can't deceive people who already see the
truth


                                894: i am buying another card with money
 cashed out from the former, whoever
 said life isnt easy probably wants all the goodness for himself


                                866: My orders just arrived right now. i
 RAN HERE TO JUST TALK, BYE! hahahahahahahaahhahahaa


                                865: Normally i shouldnt even have made
any comment but i'm distraught
seeing some people giving such a one in a life time opportunity negative
 reveiws, its your life and its ur choice, keep on believing in these
scammers aiming to bring down imperial, m not surprised.


                                864: The cards are truly universal! I am
 commenting from asia right now and i
 bought it and used it when i was in egypt, i didnt think it would work
due to the nature but i am actually blowing cash right now. This thing
always comes up with new surprises everyday


                                857: This is why you will always be the
best in card sales, prompt delivery is always essential.


                                856: Very professional in dealing with
their service. Despite all these fake
 negative reviews about them, they know their true customers and have
never let us down! i know there are people out there to get you guys,
but it will never happen. You have saved me and many people, keep it up


                                855: This year has started with a loud
boom! i have never imagined i would
have such a huge bank balance, i am in tears and so grateful


                                850: I dont care how large the web is..
even if they are real or scam, other
 sites can go to hell.. i'm sticking to you guys always. This is my
third time ordering cards and you guys never failed, i thought the first
 two times was just a plot... now i believe this is real money service


                                849: a friend online told me about you
guys, i actually thought he was
joking until i saw his new car last week. He sent me some cards, said he
 got them from you guys. Thank you much


                                848: I just got my cards!!!!!! I almost
don't believe it cos i have been scammed so much in the past. You are my
 saving grace


                                844: I knew something had to be true
about you guys when i saw these
negative reviews ending up with advertising another service... Good
thing you didn't let me down.. great delivery service


                                838: Your cards are just too good to be
true... lol was it on purpose or i
was lucky to have found extra balance on my amazon? i hope its part of
the festive bonus


                                836: You guys are just the best! no
wonder you have a strong foot since 2014.. i am lucky to find you


                                803: Great seller. I've been ordering
here for several months, everything is always fast and high quality


                                802: Very convenient site to order. Tech
 support always responds quickly


                                801: Good prices. I order here PayPal
transfers, everything is always fast.


                                800: I bought Amazon Gift, I received a
card 30 minutes after the purchase. Thank!


                                799: Wu ordered transfer 3000,
everything is fine!


                                798: I ordered 3 cards with express
delivery. The guys promised that I will
receive the order in 7 days, but the order came only after 10. IF YOU
SEND EXPRESS DELIVERY, THEN CALL REAL DELIVERY TIME !!!!


                                797: He made the first order via escrow,
 received the order after 11 days,
but through regular delivery. Now I use only Overnight delivery, in
Italy, the order comes in 2 days


                                796: Thank you guys for the fast
transfer, I order them regularly.


                                795: I ordered 5 cards, but I did not
read 1 ATM card. The guys made a refund for 1 card


                                794: I have been ordering here for
several years. New design is just super! Ordering a satlo is even more
convenient.


                                790: Nice looking site!






































         See Products













       About
       FAQ
       Shipping
       Proofs
       Reviews



       Product
       Prepaid Credit Cards (Visa)
       Prepaid Credit Cards (Master Card)
       Cloned Credit Cards
       PayPal Transfers
       Western Union Transfers
       Gift Cards



        Contact us


        andrewany@dnmx.org


        Imperial Market
