









						TorHiddenLinks
											bestdeepwebcom@protonmail.com









			TorBuy












			Hidden-Wiki












			Rent-A-Hacker
















			Empire Market












			Hire A Hitman



























			 Blogs,Forums,Chats







							Details








		Published: 17 September 2021











Forums. This list contains forums, imageboards, and other platforms for discussion on the darkweb including Underdir, Blackhat Chat, 8chan, and Germany in the Deepweb. The forums listed here focus on darkweb markets, drugs, privacy, politics, hacking, addiction, harm prevention, and day-to-day life. Use the links below.
1. UnderDir
UnderDir Directory - Secrets deep web. UnderDir is a directory of onion portals of the deep web and the dark web, it has an extensive list of onion links, this directory exists in the tor community since 2015, and it can be said that it has a long history in the deep web. UnderDir is an elegant directory, with a good design,Link:  http://underdiriled6lvdfgiw4e5urfofuslnz7ewictzf76h4qb73fxbsxad.onion/
2. BlackHat-Chat
Black Hat is an internationally recognized cybersecurity event series providing the most technical and relevant information security research. Grown from a single annual conference to the most respected information security event series internationally,Link:  http://blkhatjxlrvc5aevqzz5t6kxldayog6jlx5h7glnu44euzongl4fh5ad.onion/
3. Kiwi IRC
A hand-crafted IRC client that you can enjoy. Designed to be used easily and freely.
Peek at the Kiwi IRC homepage for more information or to find out how to embed it on your own website. Looking for source code? Try the GitHub page. This network of people may not be associated with Kiwi IRC itself.
Link:  http://wbi67emmdx6i6rcr6nnk3hco3nrvdc2juxrbvomvt6nze5afjz6pgtad.onion/
4. Rutor
RuTOR is a forum marketplace just like many other forum marketplaces available on the darknet. The forum is specialized for the Russian speaking regions of the world. The general concept of the darknet forum RuTOR, can be compared in many ways to the other forum marketplace named RAMP or the Russian Anonymous Marketplace. But the design of the RuTOR is far better than that of the RAMP marketplace that makes the website of the former more professional.Link:  http://rutordeepkpafpudl22pbbhzm4llbgncunvgcc66kax55sc4mp4kxcid.onion/
5. SuprBay
The Pirate Bay (TPB), one of the most infamous site for torrents, has switched to a new v3 onion domain on the Dark Web. The only official backup address for TPB is its .onion domain, which it has had for years.Link:  http://suprbaydvdcaynfo4dgdzgxb4zuso7rftlil5yg5kqjefnw4wq4ulcad.onion/
6.Deutschland im Deep Web Forum
Deutschland im Deep Web is a German darkweb forum and the successor of the original DiDW developed and run by luckyspax a German darknet icon who led his forum for about six years. Its main focus lies on free speechLink:  http://germany2igel45jbmjdipfbzdswjcpjqzqozxt4l33452kzrrda2rbid.onion/
7. AbleOnion
Ableonion is a fun chat room that allows chatting privately with strangers or join group chats. You don’t need to sign up with the site – just set a username and start communicating. You can use the “/ignore” command to mute the users, whose messages you don’t want to see. The crowd on this site is mostly friendly.Link:  http://notbumpz34bgbz4yfdigxvd6vzwtxc3zpt5imukgl6bvip2nikdmdaad.onion/
8. pfpmd Chat
This is, perhaps, one of the simplest chat rooms on the deep web. There’s no need to register with it or fill out any forms – just load the website and start typing and sending your messages. However, you should note that although there are English speakers in this chat room, most of the users seem to be Russian. It allows posting third-party images but you can disable this feature if you want to. It’s not the most effective chat room out there, but it’s seemingly legal in every sense. Also, you can reply to each thread individually.Link:  http://pfpmd7dd5ijt4add2sfi4djsaij4u3ebvnwvyvuj6aeipe2f5llptkid.onion/
9. JitJat
According to JitJat itself, it is meant for anonymous instant messaging, as its tagline goes. And it’s true. You will have to register with the site but it’s free and instant. It doesn’t store any logs. There is, however, a two-week retention period, after which they are permanently deleted. JitJat features account-based chats but doesn’t have any group chats. You just have to enter the user you want to chat with and send a message to them directly. You can add friends to your account and simply chat with them as you will.Link:  http://jitjatj3qbb42jvik4udcehxpkoidppz3gojslh7jcatuo4hx4xwayid.onion/login.php
10. CGI IRC
The CGI IRC chat room doesn’t require you to register. Introducing a nickname and clicking the “Continue” button to proceed to the chat room. It’s not quite active with about 10 users online at any given time. It features a basic interface with simple group chat rooms without private chatting. However, it has various chat channels.Link:  http://34vnln24rlakgbk6gpityvljieayyw7q4bhdbbgs6zp2v5nbh345zgad.onion/
 








				Previous article:  Where to Buy bitcoins (Clearnet)
			 Prev




				Next article:  Safe Darknet Email Provider
			Next










	 
 








			Main Menu

Top Onion Sites 2021 (V3)Onion Tor Search Engines (V3)Onion Email Provider (V3) Onion Blogs,Forums,Chats (V3)Onion Whistleblowing (V3)Where to Buy bitcoins (Clearnet) Best VPN Provider (Clearnet)Tor Hosting Provider (Clearnet) Bitcoin Casino's (Clearnet)Dark Web GuidesVisit Our Clearnet Domain
