










                All kinds of good



                    Homepage
                    FAQ
                    Why we are on TOR SCAM LIST









                    FAQ
                    You can find answers to most of your questions on this page .

                Is your Service legit?
                You are partnering with specialists in their professions. We
                    are running this business from a western country and are working for a
                    huge international IT-business we are not some Indian scammers, like
                    most of the vendors.
                Are your services safe to use?
                Our transfers come from clean and verified accounts with the
                    middle man method , There is no chance that your transfer gets a
                    chargeback We gurantee that and if we fail to deliver our promise we
                    will replace the service for you.
                Can I pay through escrow?
                Yes, the escrow option starts at a paying cost of $500. That's
                    not a restriction from us, but of most of the services we are working
                    with. If you are intersted in using an escrow service, than write us a
                    mail to LordPayMarket@main2tor.com
                What are those BTC Wallets ?
                "BTC Wallets" is the new service from LordPay , It's a simple
                    process you will buy the desired wallet from us we will send you a
                    wallet.dat file witht the password(if needed) you will import it into
                    some wallet software that supports .dat files and valla . You have
                    access to the funds and you must spend them as soon as possible. Why
                    don't we cash them out ourself ? good question , Because It's not safe
                    for us to have this much money come into our accounts suddenly and we
                    must deal with all kinds of government agencies. And we do not want
                    that.














                                    Free Guidance
                                    It is our mission that you can earn a good profit from
 our products , after the purchase you can be rest assured that even if
you have a problem one of our support agents will help you through the
process 24/7 using email

                                    We Hate Scammers
                                    In LordPay business model we are as transparent as we
can be , meaning we will tell you the truth no matter what , if you want
 to cashout a creditcard let us tell you right now that it's nearly
impossible for a beginner , that's why we do not sell creditcards as
they are hard to cashout to clean money.







                                    We Make It Work
                                    If any of the accounts or the products have any
problem whatsoever you just need to let us know within the first 24
hours and we will replace it as fast as we can.

                                    Communication
                                    And last but not least if you want any digital product
 that is not listed here , just shoot us an email and we will do our
best to get it for you , if not we will help you  find a better
alternative.















                    Have a question or a special request ?
                    Contact us right now
