


















					PREMIUM CARDS






								Home


								Live Tracking


















					WELCOME


					PREMIUM CARDS HAS BEEN ON THE MARKET SINCE 2012.


					Learn more













					Share your opinion of us


					If you leave a review, you'll receive a 10% discount on your next purchase.







								Your name





								Order No.





								Your message for us




								Submit















					Buren


					Such a sweet pack deal that was many thanks+++






					Evilla


					Thank you for staying in touch and responding to all of my concerns and inquiries.I was able to order and get the delivery without any problems thanks to your excellent assistance.






					Honey


					You just made my day. you are a fucking legend.






					franc


					Quality of products. Used for shop buys.






					L. lonstein


					my packages always arrive at the very least on time if not earlier, they are in good condition and i only have to wait 2 days for it to arrive, they also have free shipping which takes a bit longer to deliver!10/10 would recommend to anyone, i will continue to adore this fabulous and super convenient seller.






					T Hodge


					The card was really simple to use.A sum of $3,000 is always beneficial.This vendor's convenience and speed are appealing to me.It was simple and quick even when there were numerous questions.So far, I've been really delighted. 






					CatMM


					Love the cards that are given electronically.Don't have to worry about shipping or customs even though they ship securely.Use Tor browser to purchase the cards via email.I am waiting for my second order today and will update this review as soon as possible.






					A Brain


					I’m astounded by how smooth this ordering process went!! I have been purchasing, using cards for years. And, I've never encountered any type of problem, on the receiving end.I LOVE them! I even sent one to a family member abroad for a special occasion and they can purchase whatever they want. I do 95% of my card shopping from premium cards. The other 5% are things that are unavailable on on their website (http://hbl6udan73w7qbjdey6chsu5gq5ehrfqbb73jq726kj3khnev2yarlid.onion/) and I use The hidden wiki for it (http://zqktlwiuavvvqqt4ybvgvi7tyo4hjl5xgfuvpdf6otjiycgwqbym2qad.onion/wiki/Main_Page) I just purchase it wherever and then use the money to invest in something like crypto. 






					Addicted to Deepweb


					I buy their cards on a weekly basis. Never had any problems reading the delivery or redeeming cash from the atm. They will also send a PDF guide via e-mail upon request which is really reasuring that the funds are 100% clean and that you should not worry about safety when using their products.






					mary shipman


					Was concerned about the negative reviews in general about his type of products, but decided to send a bitcoin paynment for card shipped via DHL. Didn't want to tell my boyfriend I was trying them out untill I knew cashing out works and it did. I recieved an email right away that the tansaction was complete and that the email was sent with my order number. I always look at the whole picture before taking something to seriously but I'm glad I made the step to purchase from them and not someone else.






					Nene


					I was given a free gift card for my purchase (5 cards) and got the order a little over 1 day by paying for the overnigh delivery service.I had no trouble utilizing the card, and I made full use of it.






					J3crum


					Free delivery option took almost 10 days to get here maybe because the holiday season is close by...either way I took advantage of their 2+1 free cards offering.Did not try them out but they look very genuine. Happy Easter for me I guess :))






					Jerry Landrum


					People are giving this cards reviews? Really? Deep web never ceases to amaze me.I have received MANY cards and have never had a problem. They deliver quickly (allays do overnight) and are super easy to use, no guide needed for me. I can't think of anything else you could do for easier money. They great! You kinda want to share this happiness and easiness to make money with all your friends but you constantly need to remind yourself that safety should NEVER be overlooked so just invest the money and do NOT show off until you have a credible explanation on how you got rich in a year.






					Elard


					Order number recived.Put in my order now and will modify feedback when hands on products.






					GTAV


					Hello everyone and nice to see I am not alone.I limit myself on 2 cards each month so people don’t start noticing because no matter how much you save you still want to treat youself. I am mostly spending the money on expensive electronics which I resale later on.






					OMG


					Amazing.When I opened the mailbox, I couldn't believe what I saw.No matter how fantastic the reviews are, you won't believe it unless you try one of them. I'm extremely surprised that this sort of service, if we can call it that, exists, and I'm guessing that most people don't test it out since they have no idea what darkweb has to offer.






					DIGITAL order


					I really like that there was an option for e-mail delivery for the prepaid card. When you choose to have it e-mailed you can start spending right away and the OPT code was also e-mailed to me.






					Yes Sir!


					Said fuck it and went for it and voila, 3 days later it was inside the post box I rented. Really nice method of wrapping. I hope they never go out of business.






					Good overall


					Starting to second guess my decision to order a blank card, should have personalised it.






					Stue


					Went for the Emerald card design and it looks the bomb.






					Nice


					I really would have liked to see more products from them such as paypal accounts or hacked bitcoin or ethereum wallets. I will keep buying cards as I already established a small crew of 3 in order to spreat the atm withdrawals arround a larger area but hacked crypto wallets would be so much easier to do.






					LiBrem


					Just want to share my opinion about a specific thing as I have already reviewed the service when I first got one of this, they are a real vendor but I wanted to say that the quality of the pring seems to get better and better.The last 3 products look better than my normal bank honestly.






					Reliable


					Just do it and stop beeing a pussy.I am sure yu have a friend or someone you know that looks and behaves like he earns more than he tells you so just do it and stop beeing afraid because fear will make you weak and others will get stronger. I am on my 5th order and no ATM machine gave me any issues.






					Liam


					convenient and on time. Stuck to them from covid crysis that devastated my finances, now I am seriously considering becoming a resale partner.






					Amazed


					Speachless.Just look at it.






					Melissa W


					Received the card in a timely manner.works great 1800$ at the atm in 2 days:)






					Gamble


					I am a dedicated premiumc cards buyer,and am always happy with their products.






					23424432


					The one characteristic about this prepaid cards I especially liked was how amazingly easy it was to use them.Found a ATM machine,hit yes, and was richer with 600 bucks first day and next day and so on.Got 3 cards this time and neither failed.






					Lori


					I buy a cc monthly to myself as a way to obtain some extra cash as I have big plans. I receive it in under 48 hours. Never had a problem.






					CUBEM


					Have to admit I was afraid to use one of their cards even though theystated they are risk free so what I've done is to order one for me sisterfor her birthday,designed as a gift card and was very surprised when shetold me she been shopping at the mall with her new card,nobody asked heranything,no suspricions so I would highly recommend their cards.






					LucysMom


					Thanks guys, your stuff is always the best, your prices always thebest....I luv your options and your kindness when someone works with youlike you have worked with me you want to keep on coming back and keep onbeing a customer. Thanks again for your variety.






					Karryl Max


					This is one of the best gifts to giive someone who doesn't know how to getsome fast and serious cash. I've gootten them in the past; and love them.TRY IT! YOU PUT A SMILE ON MY FACE!






					SfLove


					Hello awesome money for free from other people.Perfect.






					Mark


					I love to get their card... It reminds me that I should place an orderevery week.at first felt bad using a card from this guys but then Ithought what the heck banks and big fishes steal from regular people allthe time why shouldn't I take advantaje of this oportunity and drive thecar I allways wanted.A big fan of your work which just placed an order for3 amex cc's.






					GC&C


					We have purchased and used (probably well over 30) of their cards. We've gotten them directly (for us and for others).Not once have we had a problem with them. Not sure if others have had issues. Even so, their customer service team is amazing. Even with the most tricky questions about an order, they are fabulous at what they do. We have not once had an issue with them and have always been very pleased. We love how easy is their cashing our guide. Thank you PremiumCards for making our life so easy!






					Ammy A. Kitell


					I've purchased dozens of cards. Each and every one of them has been easy, arrived when promised, and with no issues when taking the money. I've not heard of anyone of my friends not getting their cards from premiumcc. I sent one to my Sister who didn't realize what it was as I've asked them to make it look like a pre-paid card and she loved it.






					NeNe


					bought a card just before my b-day and used it the very same day I got it, lol. I had not one problem using the card and I used every dime of it. Great gift!






					Yourcustomerforlife


					I have been an ,,Premium cards Prime member'' for quite some time (years), and work with them often. I have had occasion to both use dumps and physical ccs.I have never had any problems getting the money at AMT'S or online. I have also used them for many different types of purchases. I guess no system is foolproof, but I personally have no complaints with premium cards, or their customer services.






					Carmindy Steppy


					Got a Us Visa shipped overnight to Canada and my jaw dropped when I saw it in my mailbox next day. Just took 500 CAD from the bancomat(atm) and planning to go this evening to get more.I really don't know what else to say,just that this guys definitely have my trust and I can save good money for a new car in just a month or so. keep up the good work !






					K-linda


					I received a visa card via mail and had no trouble using it on-line. I used the funds for two separate orders and had no problems.






					Varrah


					I purchased a AMEX card and loved it! I shopped, shopped, shopped, and id I mention...shopped!! Hope their stock will never thin out!






					Lisney M.


					Excelente






					Sandy


					So easy to purchase,i've recived the cards in my mailbox.  I have had problems with cc not working properly from my old supplier but no problems with this cards so far.






					dsadny


					A easy way to get some extra $$$ for whatever you need it for,  just don't abuse or get sloppy






					Elvis9


					Fast,Easy,and Convenient!!!






					Daniel S


					Good deals,i got the 3 ccs promptly paying for express shipping.  Will purchase regularly since i'm still looking for a job.If you want to make a quick and nice profit,  get in touch with this guys!






					maria rubin


					It was shocking to recive the credit cards...looking so genuie... I went to the store and paid for 7 bucks with the card to see if it works,I was nervous but it worked,  after that I've used it at the ATM and took 800 bucks and then another 800 for 4 days and I think there's something left still...why would you wanna work again?Thanks premium cards.






					Andrey


					All good,but the pin nr was wrong,had to e-mail them and they replied in about 2 hours with another pin which worked,besides that,all good,maybe will buy again.






					Larry wind


					Great way to make a living. paid it and it was delivered immediately. Thanks






					Jil zecowschi


					Always a good idea,i am to old to keep working for others and i am glad not to manu eople know about wiki cards






					Marcus


					I must admit I was very scared to get this. My experience, however, was quite easy and wonderful! I put in the information and my friend got the card less than 3 days after I purchased it!






					Ismerai B


					This is excellent for Venezuelans. They send the card very fast!!!






					Snowlady


					This was very easy to get and a great way to make some easy money.I will use this option again.






					utkbeck


					The personalized card was a great choice. I will definitely use the personalized card again, choosing your name, the type of card, etc.






					navin patel


					I have no word to explain how it is help to everyone....for my view there is  no alternative of this....this is most convenient....fast..quick...easy to use at atm machine...I use this money for my family and I use it for me also...






					Michigan


					I'm laughing because wiki cards is asking for a review of a card!!! LOL What's not to like about free money?? It's easy to order and easy to use. It's easy, just like your average visa card...that's why I will be back for more!!






					T.S. Charles


					I used their card for the first time last week and was not dissappointed. Short on money, I decided to give it a try.Delivered in 2 days. I thought it was great how it could be delivered the same day, or a future date, and I could even personalize the card by including my oname and the bank logo I wanted. It was great. I fully recommend using this service in the future if you are short on money or you just want to buy something that excceds your financial power.






					charm


					how I order??






					Lewis


					The card arrived quick and the process was very easy.  I would purchase another card and would recommend it to others as well.






					COMMERCE


					i have been discussing about becomming their guy,like bringing them customers,  i have a lot of buddies looking for free payday,so myself and a couple of them ordered 1 card,honestly i didnt wanted to risk 150 hihihi ,now im happy to say we've got the card and each of us after the cut,got 1100 usd.  i ordered again today btw.






					tglenn


					This is a card, why do I write a review of it? I received it on time...  I am glad it worked the way it was supposed to...






					Amorim


					Easy to buy, perfect when you need some money. It goes to your MAILBOX.






					JRinKaty


					Great cards. People always like to receive cards loaded with $. They can buy whatever they like whenever they want it. Very convenient.






					sdgdffas


					transfered btc,sent address where they should deliver,was scared have to admit but what kept me going is the fact that they didn't ignore me after btc was transfered to their wallet, they still updated me and got back to me on my questions,totally use wiki cards ,i hope me and them will also make a  team because i have peple VERY interested in what they offer






					Melody Cox


					This is an exceptional choice for those who are looking for a card seller. I appreciate the ease in purchasing this item and the many options it gave me.






					luv2buy


					I ordered some cards from them 2 had over 2500 usda one had almost $4000 . They were delivered in my mailbox within 2 days as stated in their description! These are a big hit with me and I will definitely be making another purchase in the near future.






					Kuttab


					 used the cards online and made holiday shopping very easy. Using the credit in place of my money was very helpful when on a tight budget 






					timfishr


					Got 5 cc delivered to me in the afternoon today,they said they had some issues and delayed me with 1 day,but fuck me,cards work perfectly,I've ordered custom from them,with my name and shit hehe,now I just think about the cards as my own in my pocket,safe to use even in coffe shops or electronics shops as  they look genuine.I appreciate you work and I will be buying more,hope to withdraw at least 15-20 k from this 5.






					Astrea M.


					very easy and fast. whole operation was quickly and easily. I invite everyone to buy these cards. Merry Christmas to everyone






					Megan Cabral


					Wasn't sure if to get it or not. The card checkout process was very easy .  The recipient received the card in 2 days and was able to withdraw the first 1k with no problems.  This was a win win for both myself and the seller. I would highly recommend if you aren't sure which vendor to pick.






					cowboy66


					I appreciate very much your new offers, you can make 10k easily. I'm greedy so I'll buy again. Regards.






					ortiz.gab


					so how i buy? i can take money from bank?






					salamguy


					OMG,you guys arre amazing,2 plus 1 card free been delivered and it has been  possible to withdraw 2380,not bad for first time,not at all,please check your emails guys.Go team.






					load more






















					© 2012-2022 Premium Cards. All rights reserved.
