     The Giant Scam List of Tor       VERIFIED SITES    Report false listing   Add new scam   SCAM LINKS LIST   Home     Submit a scam Message Of The Day: All aspects of site updated. New name to differentiate between the fake list.   When browsing the darkweb, use common sense. If it sounds too good to be true, that’s probably because it is. 99% of all sites on here are complete scams. First off: any site that claims to multiply your money is a scam. This means those 100x bitcoin sites, those ‘buy real cash for 50% off’ sites, and those gift cards for 50% off sites ARE ALL SCAMS, 100% of the time. If you see a site that sells 0.1 BTC for 0.05 BTC, that will ALWAYS be a scam. Fake money exists, and people can buy it, but I can guarantee you that you can’t buy it easily. The same is true for electronics shops and really anything that sells things at a discount that no sane person would sell for. Or selling something very rare (like GPUs) for a normal price. For some reason scammers love to “sell” Apple products, so just stay away from those sites. Secondly: don’t store crypto with anyone else. An online wallet may seem convenient, but they have access to the private key, which means they own your money if you give it to them. Not your keys, not your money. Be careful of mixers, exchanges, and etc. as well. They could just not give you anything back and you wouldn’t be able to do anything. Light wallets on the clearweb are normally fine, but the darkweb is much more risky. You can make Electron go through the dark web yourself, you don’t need to trust someone else with your money. Third: hacking/murder firms are scams. Is it possible to hack your ex’s Snapchat? Yes. Would a professional waste their time doing it for random people on the darkweb with $50? No. They’d get a job as a security researcher, and report the bug to Snapchat for like $50k in legitimate, clean, honest money. Social engineering is the only realistic way to hack someone’s account, and it’s not easy. You could probably do it yourself. Just don’t trust the random faceless guy who will claim to do it 100% of the time for only $50 in BTC. Fourth: have trust issues. If a site says “Verified by Tor” or “Hidden Wiki Fresh [year]”, you should stay away. The wiki is editable by many people, and when everyone is anonymous, people are bound to change things for the worse. Do you really trust some random guy who posted a dubious link to some super cheap site? Additionally, the Tor Foundation will never “verify” a site. Don’t take someone else’s word for it. Don’t even trust this site! Use your own judgement on everything. Of course, there are some exceptions to these rules. It’s just that they are so exceedingly rare that it may as well not exist. Bottom line: 99.9% of hidden sites are scams, and that’s a fact. The only way to never lose is to never buy anything from the dark web. Stay safe out there. XeDeFeX     Donate - if this site has saved you from being scammed or you just want to help others not get scammed, donations are appreciated! BTC link XMR link   Contact: xedefex@protonmail.com PGP KEY | MIRRORS | CANARY | RELATED
